The Market Edge: Trading insights from the experts UK:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ri_fbzl9IdQ

I will say that jpow will not be happy I
will say he's starting to get a little
bit nervous I really think that China is
at that stage now I think China are
about to have a lost 20 years Nvidia
earnings 28th of August do we see the
stock go higher the next day or
[Music]
lower welcome to the market Edge our
monthly show where we talk through our
trades and ideas what's gone wrong and
what hasn't yep we're here to give you
our chart of the month the most
important chart for the next 28 days and
also give you an insight as to what we
think the most important events that you
have to pay attention to will be and why
is it worth listening to us well being
British we don't like to blow our own
trumpets but Rich became one of credit
s's youngest ever directors at the age
of 30
as their head of equity's Emerging
Markets prior to this McDonald spent 3
years as a junior fund manager for one
of Europe's top hedge funds during the
financial
crisis David's been a big name in the
retail trading industry for 10 years and
worked in fintech while trading his own
funds and running a research
[Music]
firm right David so we're about to go
through our trades and what a volatile
month it's been but first let's take a
look at our meme of the month so for
those of you that can't see it we've got
the picture the famous uh shooting
competition from the Olympics where we
had our uh competitor number one in his
full outfit with all the technology and
the vision
glasses and in stock market terms that's
the trader who has four monitors six
brokerage accounts 15 stock forums trade
40 to 50 times a day and he's down 60%
on the month and then number two we've
got Jose Mourinho um he's been dollar
cost averaging into uh Spider the S&P
500 index for the past 12 years he has
no idea what's happening in the markets
because he hasn't checked his portfolio
in a decade but he's got absolutely no
gear he's comeing his own reading
glasses he's not doing the silly back
bending special technique and he's also
just got a turkey shirt on I love it and
did you enjoy the Olympics I didn't
really watch any of it I watched one bit
of the weightlifting too busy trading 60
times a day well well maybe 70 um but no
I didn't really watch that much of it to
be fair um weightlifting was good but
you know I I I think from this
perspective it's it's kind of a great
encapsulation of Simplicity versus
complexity um and maybe what retail
Traders should do and should shouldn't
do completely depends on your
perspective of course that's it and we
we'll run through what caused that
volatility shortly however I would say
in this second scenario you know doesn't
even know what the carry trade and the
the events that that happened there in
mid August but if you look at the the
bounces that we've had since nvidia's up
30% from its lows in one week bitcoin's
up 25% from its lows in one week it's
just absolutely staggering so why don't
we go on to the uh reason why we've had
such bounces and such horrific moves
down in the first place well I think it
was one of the biggest volatility
blowups that we've ever had but I think
it's not really stuck around so it's not
been called that you know not like
previous events you know when we had
covid when we had volmageddon back in
2018 financial crisis these are all
quite sticky volatility events but the
Market's just really really bounced back
it's really resumed its previous path
nice and quickly there's probably going
to be sticky paths ahead but right now
it looks quite healthy and I think this
takes us down to to where we are David
you the Eternal Bull and me the Eternal
overly cautious bear of course it it
hasn't worked as we've seen with our uh
Turkish shooter here you know he's the
one that that's uh had a fantastic ftic
performance being dollar cost averaging
into spy I'm the one that's probably
missed out on a lot of that performance
because I have been way too cautious for
the past three years um just waiting for
the economy to slow and respond to the
the interest rate increases that we've
had for me I think we're really getting
to that point where this time lag of the
large interest rate increases that we've
seen are starting to come through so
we've had a Home Depot profit warning um
just in the last few days um we've had
Nike of course you you just see time
after time you've seen evidence of the
consumer slowing and you know how does
that fit into your your bull thesis
going forward well I think the most
important thing about markets these days
is the level of liquidity that we're
constantly at I think the amount that
central banks have done over the last 10
15 years has really contributed to a
brand new Baseline and the expectations
and psychology of the market is even if
we do start to get bad data what's going
to happen around the corner is QE lower
interest rates they're going to be ultra
Ultra responsive to asset price
decreases we saw it over covid you know
and if for example the dollar starts to
find shortages which tends to precede
most crises then that tends to be when
the FED Acts or at least when other
central banks act with dollar liquidity
swap lines and things like that there's
a requirement these days for central
banks almost act really really quickly
and I think that's so important in the
psychology of the everyday investor
these
[Music]
days and talking of the dollar that
takes us on very nicely to our trades of
the month from last month now it's going
to be very hard to beat those because we
we have both nailed it let's be honest
congratulations you're um long of Yen y
so um you know shorting US dollar Yen
was absolutely inspirational that that
was I mean I have to blow my own trumpet
on this one because this was insane and
the the funny thing about trading
sometimes when I called that on the on
the previous podcast we trading at 161 I
think traded all the way down to maybe
was it below my target even what was the
low on dollar Yen was it 143 143 yeah so
my I called 14 45 I believe um which was
a massive massive jump um and I think
the key thing to realize in markets is
that sometimes you don't need to get the
actual reasoning correct what you have
to realize is the extent to which
something has moved past normality I
guess and dollar Yen you know had
increased to such a level you know
nearly tickling up at 170 over a
relatively short period of time you know
the last year or two that it was always
du a snapback the most important thing
is thinking of the market like an
elastic band that's always the analogy
that I have in my head nice and
sometimes it doesn't matter what the
asset is sometimes you just look at the
data and say to yourself is there
sufficient reasoning for a snapback here
that tends to be where the Home Run
trades come from absolutely right and
and also the home run on the way down um
my trade of the month obviously being
short NASDAQ NASDAQ
again not quite for the reason that that
panned out but we we woke up on that
Monday morning and just had that shock
factor of the down 12% on the Japanese
markets um with the big move in the Yen
and of course the NASDAQ was was dragged
down with that
however looking forward now okay because
that gave us all the opportunity even
the likes of gold dropped on the back of
it and and I found myself the first
thing I wanted to do was raise cash by
selling positions that hadn't sold off I
wanted to raise cash to then invest into
the market that you know Nvidia down 25%
you know I I definitely wanted to get
involved in some and that Bitcoin down
at U 50,000 I thought that was one of
the best opportunities we've seen in
Bitcoin for a well so I sold my British
American Tobacco shares I sold my gold I
sold my us treasuries
you know so you can also see that things
that have absolutely nothing to do with
Japan or you know people aren't
leveraged long of British American
Tobacco you can see why they also sell
off to come into the asset that's that's
crater I think both of our trades come
down to the fact
that it's kind of like do you want to be
right or do you want to make money and
at the end of the day that is exactly
the mindset that Traders need you know
you can see all of this macro anal is
online and all of this stuff no one
cares about your reasoning if you're not
able to monetize your actual position
and at the end of the day that is all
that matters as a Trader and that's
great for those of you who are listening
um you know who are maybe new to trading
or relatively inexperienced to trading
managing your risk is the ultimate
number one that I think both of us uh
the advice we give is to to have the
discipline and in shocks like
in the last few weeks that we've seen
with the Yen carry trade and the
volatility then managing that risk is is
everything isn't it absolutely have the
risk managed so you can stay in the
market to actually get those home run
trades I think that is absolutely
Paramount you probably know it from your
experience that most of the p&l or most
of my p&l anyway comes from a handful of
Trades a year it doesn't come from
Trading daily because that's ridiculous
it comes from a few really really core
positions and being able to be alive to
manage and to actually action those core
positions is so vital absolutely the
most important thing that's
[Music]
right okay so looking forward what cast
list do we have in the next month now I
think your phrase being the bull would
be buy your calls sell your puts J
Powell's got us so fill your boots I
think after today's CPI it was
relatively in line was wasn't it we're
basically priced for a 25 basis point
cut and it was very interesting looking
at interest rate Futures at how they'd
really really overpriced the cut about a
week ago I'd say an emergency cut even
well yeah exactly it was just ridiculous
and I I called it out I said this is
totally misprice there's absolutely no
reason for um the market we're talking
about secured o overnight financing um
here there's absolutely no reason for
that to have increased the level it had
and it sold off a little bit now think
is trading about 95 is between 95 and 95
SP 25 and so I think you know that is
really really key that we've seen a
really really Swift move in interest
rate Futures and then back down so I
think from that perspective looking
forward you know the CPI has basically
nailed on the 25 basis points cut and
jerone pal is probably laughing because
we're seeing the volatility just smooth
out because the market is very assured
actually on what the FED is going to do
I think the Market's been very sure on
what the fed's going to do for a good
while now and if we want to talk about a
story we can talk about the Jerome power
story because I think he's been
fantastic in terms of guiding the market
as to what the FED is going to do and of
course we we do have Jackson Hall coming
up in uh in the the near future 22nd to
the 24th of August and I think that is
going to be key because that's where
we're going to see the transition that
PO makes from having or requiring this
confidence that inflation is going to
return to its Target I think that
confidence level will have been reached
now or he's going to say that the
balance of
risks now outweigh the confidence that
needs um to see inflation return to
Target the balance of risk now shifts
towards watching unemployment because of
course in the last jobs report we had uh
unemployment reach the high level of
4.3% which is way above their prediction
for where it would end um
2024 at so I'll take the other side of
your boo call I will say that JP will
not be happy I will say he's starting to
get a little bit nervous he's only Human
After All right so he has to come out
and he has to act confident I think
there will be a bit of him that is
worried about the momentum in the jobs
market and it is stalling the economy is
stalling so I worry that if we get down
to
4.5% by the end of the year that's still
actually breaking the economy and you
know the uh momentum now is in that
unemployment rate I think that's heading
towards 5% that's where you're really
going to start to get um bad data come
through on bank loans on credit card
defaults and we're going to start to see
consumer spending really not just slow
it's going to start being
negative um what we started to see now
is that unit numbers are negative so
people aren't buying as much but because
retailers have put prices up so much the
actual revenues are still positive I
think we actually see retail sales drop
off into negative and then um that's
when margins are hit and margins getting
hit means the S&P 500 comes down so
that's we'll put our our flags in the in
the in the camp there are Bo versus bear
but I absolutely take your um your point
on liquidity because that has been
correct all
along right so moving on to our chart of
the month then David what have you
brought in for us today Chinese
government 30 year bond um purely
because their yields are at literally
decade lows well longer than that
actually this chart doesn't even go far
enough back this chart is from Bank of
America uh Bank of America's flow show
and I really really think it's
identifying the state that China is in
currently there's not actually been that
much chatter about Chinese uh economics
recently mainly because people are
concerned that the data isn't actually
real of course that's always a concern
but I think because there's been no
specific blowups we've had the property
issues which have been contained
politically very much politically um not
so much economically from what I
understand uh there are considerable
issues going on in China right now
internally right um there's been what
15,000 millionaires that have left I
know of FX desks that have been set up
purely to get money out of China legally
of course um but yes very much set up to
facilitate getting yuan into dollars and
out whether it's to the UK the US Canada
wherever wow this is happening and
they're making a lot of money these FX
desks as well um and so I I think the
story of China is really really tricky I
wrote a piece a couple of years ago
before actually everyone else on uh the
Chinese property market and specifically
uh to do with Grand yeah I remember and
this was based on the Chinese working
population as part of the thesis
actually having started to decrease so
there's actually a turning point that is
very very similar to Japan in 1989 that
is going on in China right now with
regards to debt with regards to the
property Market Japan had a very very
prosperous and prosperous in sort of air
quotes there uh a prosperous property
Market before the Lost decade of the
'90s yeah and then of course it had the
currency crisis in
1998 which is when they kicked off
quantitative easing 10 years or so
before everybody
else I really think that China is at
that stage now I think China are about
to have a lost maybe 20 years very
similar to Japan kicking off from now
you know we're hearing a lot about the
tech technological innov coming out of
China with driving car self-driving cars
electric vehicles all of this but this
is all very similar to Japan Toyota
obviously the biggest car manufacturer
in the world and funny enough they were
actually the first electric car
manufacturer that went sort of mass
market with the
Prius and there's a lot of very very
similar sort of case studies here with
regards to debt to GDP with regards to
demographics aging demographics and do
you know what the biggest risk to China
is right
now is it population it's population but
from the perspective that China now has
um a demographic where the young who
have traditionally been quite wealthy
are now having parents that are moving
into retirement age but both are living
for a very long time so all of that
wealth that these younger people have
had is now going to have to be
transferred to looking after two sets of
old AG parents so there's going to be
less consumer spending going forward
right in my view and this is very very
similar to what happened in Japan so
there's kind of a benefit to having an
older population but when your property
Market is so decimated and so unequal as
well that creates the massive issue
because rather than having a lot of
wealth in more liquid assets you've got
it all stuck in a property Market which
when credit dries up that wealth just
dissipates straight
[Music]
away there's one stock that I really
like and that is Prudential okay so so
London listed company but operations all
around the world so it's on 0.5 times
embedded value and just look at that
channel that we've seen um it dropped
from1 to6 over the past two years it's
just incredible thinking you know what
Global markets have been doing and that
is the performance of the pr so numbers
on the 28th of August the same day as
Nvidia um so you know be very busy this
these will be first thing in the morning
Nvidia last thing at night it's going to
be a long day I think of trading uh but
I just started picking up some of these
this morning um I think it's it's
bounced off that bottom Channel and if
we now get a break up and it breaks
through the top channel through
the7 then um I I think we could start to
see some some real movement higher and
what could The Catalyst be well let's
say the money has certainly come out of
China related stocks already um and you
can see the performance here the
valuation gives it some backing but also
there's that outside chance of m&a
activity would somebody like Buffett
want to take a Stak right he loves
insurance this is a a bite siiz um kind
of level for him to take a stake or even
in m&a would somebody like an HSBC come
in right so it's uh it's got a market
cap of 17 billion pound and um you know
that would be a really interesting
addition to their business so my trade
idea of the month is the
pr well mine is very different to yours
it's probably I would say it's a lot
shorter term so we're probably looking
at the next week or two whereas I think
yours 28th of August is well actually no
it's about two weeks away now I've lost
lost time um summer does that but I
think over the next week or so I think
Intel has sold off way too much I think
in terms of if we just think about Intel
as a
company they're still a massive chip
maker they've lost what 30% of their
value in the last two weeks wow insane
there's no reason for it to have lost
30% of their value in the last two weeks
level have they dropped to now they've
dropped to
$25 I believe wow um and they they fell
off from I think it was about 30 bucks
yeah so if we look at you know a return
to that level if we're looking at you
know if the S&P continues to tick higher
for example you know Rising Tides lift
all boats um I don't see any reason why
it couldn't start touching 28 bucks 29
bucks which is a 50% increase I know
it's quite significant but that is um
the the levels that we can look at and
yeah I think as well if you consider
that Intel have looked to cut a hell of
a lot of jobs that should be a support
for a for a share price most people
think that's a bad thing a massive cost
cut like that no that's fantastic
because it makes you know net income
look way way better and do you know what
you've just inspired another idea pop
into my mind because when you're talking
about movement in the jobs Market when
you're talking about irrational moves
what about Starbucks stealing away the
CEO of Chipotle do you know the market
cap transition from out of Chipotle and
into Starbucks yesterday was over 20
billion doar one CEO is worth $20
billion that is a fantastic stat to be
fair I think you know it's very very
interesting uh do you know who H whose
largest position is
Chipotle I actually don't know Bill
Amman oh really that's pershing's
largest position is Chipotle Grill it
doesn't make sense necessarily in my
head as I said I disregard anything
irrational when it doesn't necessarily
make sense I don't care about it they've
had a massive expansion globally over
the last say you know seven eight years
specifically um but to me it's like a
Wing Stop Story the fast food industry
outside of McDonald's doesn't make sense
because it's not got the same um sort of
uh property Enterprise as McDonald's if
that makes sense McDonald's makes sense
to me as a stock I completely get it the
others not necessarily um purely because
of the McDonald's Legacy more than
anything certainly um and I think it's a
very very interesting trade that you
mentioned there with regards to uh
Starbucks
because I thought Starbucks was a good
buy back
in when did I think it was a good I
think it was January or February mhm
they got smashed with by by the earnings
didn't they yeah um and also coffee
increased quite heavily so I sort of had
a hedge trade that didn't make any money
I was long Coffee Futures and also long
Starbucks
nice so it was like it I I was expecting
Starbucks actually to increase in price
with price insensitive buyers but no
that wasn't the the case really and
that's yeah that's what's really
interesting with the consumer as a whole
is they are becoming price sensitive and
they are stepping away from those price
increases but that's not the trade idea
ah right what's the trade idea the setup
right right so we saw 20 billion get
added to the market cap of Starbucks uh
yesterday who's going to be next who's
going to be the next one who has had an
awful performance in the past 12 months
needs to get rid of their
CEO and it's a very well-loved
International
brand listed in the US one of The
Darlings previous Darlings of the US
Stock Exchange and will go up 20% if
they manage to hire the right CEO I'm
talking about the swi do we have any
guesses Nike yes Nike indeed do you know
what I was thinking about Nike earlier
today um because I was thinking about my
next pair of
trainers and you do need a pair looking
at today's fashion
I shall bite my tongue Rich um at night
didn't enter into my head no at all for
my next purchase they really really
didn't which is strange because the pair
of shoe the pair of trainers that I had
on were Nik yeah it's a really really
strange brand transition they've had and
I said on LinkedIn that they've kind of
lost the culture which I think they have
really really badly and I think you're
absolutely right a change of CEO would
send the share price up purely on an
expectations basis of a almost like
release of the Badness drawing a line
under it it's it's in a death spiral I
was in Paris at the weekend to to watch
the last weekend of the Olympics and on
the Sunday we decided to go for a hike
and there was seven of us on the hike
and five of us were wearing New Balance
and two others were wearing hiking shoes
but there wasn't a pair of Nikes to be
seen in the house
at all and that is just incredible
transition you know two years ago I
would have gone and did you know have a
a Wardrobe full of Nikes and now slowly
I'm going Adidas New Balance um or some
funky Z zarone because they're so cheap
yeah I think you know it's uh it's it's
a very very strange transition because I
don't even see the younger people at my
gym for example wearing Nik right so
before we wrap things up I've got one
last question for you Nvidia earnings
28th of August do we see the stock go
higher the next day or lore it's a very
difficult question actually because I
feel like even if the the earnings were
to go um no I'm joking it's going to go
higher it's going to be so interesting
because we already know that black
whale's delayed um you know we know that
they've got a full demand uh full book
of demand there so what does he come out
with you know the I've seen earnings
previews for 68 cents for EPS for the
quarter 495 for the year 495 for the
year means that at 110 bucks they're on
22 23 times earnings it's great that's
scary it's fantastic you know that's
that stock can definitely go higher so
I'm there you go there's something we we
agree on versus sector PE as well and
surely we'll drag Intel up which is
maybe four or five times undervalue
versus sector P yeah amazing
undervaluation I think it's just it's
going to have another Blockbuster and
I've I've said as well we are in a stage
of disbelief or at least we're entering
a stage of disbelief I feel like people
are very very connected with the pivot
into Cuts MH um and they think there's
going to be turmoil as you do and I just
I just see a stock market disbelief
rally into the end of year excellent
well everybody thank you so much for
joining us for the market Edge thank you
thank you and we look forward to seeing
you next month



Axi Select Talks First Axi Select Pro trader discusses his journey:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V6KE4SAECrU

welcome to the axis select podcast I'm
rich McDonald and I'll be your host
today as we delve deep into axis's
Cutting Edge Capital allocation program
axi select today we bring you Gerald
from Austria Gerald's been trading with
axi for more than four years and is now
amongst the very first set of traders to
reach Pro stage with axi select Gerald
Welcome to our podcast thank you for
accepting the invitation um we know
you've been trading with actually for
quite some time we'd like to know a bit
more about your trading Journey with the
broker we know it's been a few years but
what would you say drove you to choose
axi as your broker and in what ways have
you seen the company progress Through
The
Years uh I started with another broker
and uh after some years uh I joined ax
for two reasons uh first of all I wanted
to know if my strategies uh could bring
a better performance if I uh trade them
with another broker uh so I decided uh
to test a couple of Brokers and uh the
results were uh uh mixed uh have a lot
of strategies and some of them have a a
quite High average rate which means uh
on average they make a high amount of
Pips so for these strategies there
wasn't much difference uh but other
strategies uh like Forex scalping during
the Asia session uh when the spread is
uh quite High uh some Brokers uh brought
good results uh but other Brokers uh
with other Brokers I had nothing than
losses okay but with ax I was uh quite
uh successful and uh yes uh uh so I
decided to make a final test uh from my
point of view a a very important test
uh I requested a withdraw of all my fans
I wanted to know if how will they
operate my request and uh I had some
troubles with other Brokers uh they ask
me
why why don't don't want to trade again
with them and I'm successful uh did
delate the withdrawal um requested uh
additional statements from the bank
and uh I had troubles when trying to
convert the currency because some
accounts were in US dollar and they
wanted to have them in Euro and but with
axi they didn't ask anything I got the
money back and I was very happy yeah
fantastic um now we you you know you
talk about uh scalping in the Asian
session it it sounds you know that
that's kind of stuff I expect to hear in
in the trading industry so do you want
to give us a bit of uh background about
your yourself what do you do how long
have you been
trading uh yeah I started Trading long
time ago I believe it was during the
financial crisis but it was a different
trading it was not using a metat Trader
I uh went to the local Bank office and
uh brought a bonds uh non-leveraged and
I kept them for a while and sold them
with some profit and uh with forx
believe it was in uh was it seven or
eight years ago uh and I became
interested in Forex and uh it's a
different area and yeah I tried a lot of
strategies uh I'm uh software developer
so it was easy to uh develop my ideas so
I can back test them and um yeah had a
lot of time yeah go that's fantastic hey
so and what about your your own trading
Journey with axi then have you you had
high points low points um well trading
with axi how would you say you've kind
of matured through the the the last four
years of your
journey yeah I joined ax when I was
already in a quite experienced uh level
so I didn't have the typical y uh new
Traders experience especially when they
use uh dangerous money management like
evering Martin Gale and they blow their
account away uh I didn't have that uh
with
axi uh yes and regarding the highs uh my
my main strategies that I use for axi
are um most of the time they are in
stagnation so I have a small losses
small wins uh break even trades but from
time to time I can catch uh
extraordinary very large waves and uh so
for some
stages I was able to achieve uh the main
part of the profit that was required to
reach the next level within a few hours
or few days well yeah so so let's turn
the focus on onto axi select then so
axis's Capital allocation program um now
I think axi select launched almost a
year ago now you were one of the first
Traders onto the program um so you were
on from very early why did you find
yourself uh come to actually select in
the in the first place in what ways did
it did attract you more than other prop
firms for
example yeah first of all you don't have
to pay a subscription fee other prop
trading firms they you have to pay uh
several thousands of dollars to be able
to create a large account and with a you
just have a minimum deposit
and they they really give you a a a
chance to earn money they they have a
few clear rules that make sense for both
parties and not just for the broker and
uh you have the chance to trade a quite
large account $1 million
us uh with a incredible uh profit share
of 90% for a Trader so if you manage
that account and can generate a
realistic profit of maybe 20 % per
year uh the pay
180k per year that that's 15K per month
I mean I live in a country with quite
High incomes but
50k it's only a tiny fraction of the
people can generate such an
income well and I mean on that point
right we got to say a big
congratulations because you've been a
successful Trader with axi for a long
time but now you're one of the very
first actually select Pro Traders um how
how did that feel when you achieved that
for the first time yeah that that feels
great uh i' have to say I was prepared
to uh wait much longer to achieve that
and it didn't take uh uh it take it took
uh not even a year to reach that level
and uh that journey is not over I mean I
want to reach the 1 million account and
uh even that account will
grow I will
the time and yeah it's amazing
absolutely and so I mean axi has been
around quite some time and it it
continuously dedicated to help Traders
trade their Edge you know I'm sure you
you've heard that over and over again
when you're you're trading with axi in
your view considering your extensive
experience by the signs of it with these
prop trading programs what do you think
are the standout features what what do
you think are the real um top selling
points of of axi select you know what
what sets the program apart from the
dozens of other prop
firms yeah first of all I have to say uh
the business model of prop trading uh
firms is uh a different one that Traders
believe because uh Traders believe prop
trading firms generate the revenue most
of the revenue uh by uh successful
Traders uh but that's not the reality uh
prop trading firms are interested in the
initial feas and
uh they uh have rules that uh lead
traders to fail and uh try again and
again uh they have uh time limit rules
you have to reach uh a specified profit
within a a quite short time and even
with good strategies as dation is uh
part of the game on and
uh they forced to fail or uh take too
much risk
uh yeah and they will try again and
again and the company earns
money yeah yeah and one one important
point is that uh uh with ax you can use
uh mt4 and uh the prop trading firms
they were forced to move to different
platforms so to like the ex Trader match
Trader and then not sure if you can uh
if you've developed an expert advisor
which you can run on mt4 not sure if you
there's any way to run them on another
platform you can
rewrite if you have the code or I use a
tool to
um uh trade that on the new platform but
feel
not I I hear the software engineer
coming out in you
now
yeah so uh like Gerald your your success
has been very impressive definitely want
to inspire other Traders including
myself um can you please share the
elements the techniques the the mindset
that have been key in your success so
far yeah if uh if a large collection of
different strategies that are developed
uh over the time and for axis select I
picked uh the best ones uh in terms of
uh profit uh throon ratio so uh
I picked that ones that are are very uh
robust so that uh for small accounts uh
many uh strategies uh operate quite well
but with large account when you
experience slipage uh and this this
spread uh might be a verse uh if you
don't read top of the book uh to have uh
pictures the best ones and um made many
tests uh all tests are back tested uh
and yeah uh every single trade has a
hard stop loss uh take profit has to be
at least the size of the stop in some
time in some cases it's uh it's almost
10 times of the stop
distance I use uh training stops uh time
stops yeah the full
collection and uh one uh key element uh
of my trading this is uh is
ations
um my strategy doesn't generate profit
every day
so uh profit comes in waves and
sometimes you have to wait months or
maybe even a year is possible uh because
the backest doesn't give a realistic
picture of the future and uh if you're
confident with the backest then the life
trading uh matches backst in some way
you have the confidence that the profit
it feel come sooner or later and uh if
I'm in the like now in the ax Pro level
for few month without making progress I
don't worry because I know uh a single
trading session can bring me to the next
level and I think
that's the the great thing about trading
isn't it and that that's what sets
trading apart from gambling right it's
it's that confidence that you've got the
straty
it's back tested and it might not play
out straight away you know for example
what about when there's Market
volatility how how do you stay
disciplined in that scenario how how do
you manage your
risk yeah well volatil volatility uh can
bring some accounts into big trouers uh
especially with dangerous money
management it's even an advantage for my
strategies because I trade trains and uh
especially weekly Trends and with
volatility volatility uh there are many
uh opportunities to uh catch such a new
trend so I like the volatility to some
degree uh there are just small uh
adaptions required for my strategy so uh
most of
the attributes like stop or lot is
calculated uh automatically I don't have
to adjust them manually and I've back
tested the strategies for a long history
with different volatility and
um yeah
discount that I mean that's it's so
fantastic to hear you know because I I
first heard of the select program about
a year ago um and I have met some
Traders but you know you're really
impressive Gerald you know this is
somebody this is a hedge fund manager
talking to me here um you know so so you
know the sky the limit um how how do you
envision your journey with axis select
evolving then are you going to be the
first axis select Trader to to get
funded $1
million maybe but being the first one is
not important for me I hope that they
will reach that level and even when I
was quite successful and uh the success
is not
uh is not because of my knowledge and my
good decisions there's always little bit
of luck even when we are not gambling
because if I had started a couple of
months later yeah maybe will it will
reach that level but it it takes uh two
years long and
uh if I reach the final level yeah after
two years yeah that's I'm more than
happy yeah
excellent you're in it for the long term
yeah correct yes and okay so before we
wrap up do you have any advice um for
other ambitious Traders looking to join
axi select or become funded Traders what
would you say are the key factors to
consider when choosing between the
Brokers yeah when choosing a broker you
you really need to trust the broker uh I
mean you you give them your money your
funds and you want to have the money
back when you need it and you want to be
paid out when you make profit
and uh that is not something every Boker
can
deliver uh even especially when you use
a larger account then yeah you can
diversify your fans but you really need
to trust the
broker um and another important point is
there to are the trading conditions
so
uh for most strategies the spread is
important and uh some Brokers uh all
lower the spread for a limited time to
attract new Traders but uh that this uh
just
for for a limited time and with ax I've
seen that they can deliver a tight
spread for a long period of time then
for many strategies that is important as
well as
slipage negative
slippage um is another issue especially
during the Asia session and uh actually
really uh delivers quality yeah and and
uh one another important point is the
quality of the support in most cases you
don't need the support and uh common
questions can be asked by even a chatbot
but what happens if we have really a
question technical question or something
an another department needs to be
involved and will you get uh an answer
back um via email a couple of days later
uh bad broker will never answer your
question that is something a Trader can
test uh make a small account uh trade it
maybe with
microt um if you are happy with it uh
open a new account uh with a trade with
a higher lot size and compartive results
ask the support withdraw your money test
the broker yeah and actually passed all
tests that's great to hear uh Gerald
thank you so much for for dedicating
your your time your valuable insights
into your journey with axis select I
very much look forward to having you
back soon on the program to discuss an
even greater milestone when you
hopefully reach that $1 million of
funding uh perhaps we can meet in person
that time I'll take you out for lunch
I'd love to hear about more about your
story uh so until next time Gerald thank
you very much



The Market Edge: Trading insights from the experts:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KRLxJ8JfCqs

I will say that jpow will not be happy I
will say he's starting to get a little
bit nervous I really think that China is
at that stage now I think China are
about to have a lost 20 years Nvidia
earnings 28th of August do we see the
stock go higher the next day or
[Music]
lower welcome to the market Edge our
monthly show where we talk through our
trades and ideas what's gone wrong and
what hasn't yep we're here to give you
our chart of the month the most
important chart for the next 28 days and
also give you an insight as to what we
think the most important events that you
have to pay attention to will be and why
is it worth listening to us well being
British we don't like to blow our own
trumpets but Rich became one of credit
s's youngest ever directors at the age
of 30
as their head of equity's Emerging
Markets prior to this McDonald spent 3
years as a junior fund manager for one
of Europe's top hedge funds during the
financial
crisis David's been a big name in the
retail trading industry for 10 years and
worked in fintech while trading his own
funds and running a research
[Music]
firm right David so we're about to go
through our trades and what a volatile
month it's been but first let's take a
look at our meme of the month so for
those of you that can't see it we've got
the picture the famous uh shooting
competition from the Olympics where we
had our uh competitor number one in his
full outfit with all the technology and
the vision
glasses and in stock market terms that's
the trader who has four monitors six
brokerage accounts 15 stock forums trade
40 to 50 times a day and he's down 60%
on the month and then number two we've
got Jose Mourinho um he's been dollar
cost averaging into uh Spider the S&P
500 index for the past 12 years he has
no idea what's happening in the markets
because he hasn't checked his portfolio
in a decade but he's got absolutely no
gear he's comeing his own reading
glasses he's not doing the silly back
bending special technique and he's also
just got a turkey shirt on I love it and
did you enjoy the Olympics I didn't
really watch any of it I watched one bit
of the weightlifting too busy trading 60
times a day well well maybe 70 um but no
I didn't really watch that much of it to
be fair um weightlifting was good but
you know I I I think from this
perspective it's it's kind of a great
encapsulation of Simplicity versus
complexity um and maybe what retail
Traders should do and should shouldn't
do completely depends on your
perspective of course that's it and we
we'll run through what caused that
volatility shortly however I would say
in this second scenario you know doesn't
even know what the carry trade and the
the events that that happened there in
mid August but if you look at the the
bounces that we've had since nvidia's up
30% from its lows in one week bitcoin's
up 25% from its lows in one week it's
just absolutely staggering so why don't
we go on to the uh reason why we've had
such bounces and such horrific moves
down in the first place well I think it
was one of the biggest volatility
blowups that we've ever had but I think
it's not really stuck around so it's not
been called that you know not like
previous events you know when we had
covid when we had volmageddon back in
2018 financial crisis these are all
quite sticky volatility events but the
Market's just really really bounced back
it's really resumed its previous path
nice and quickly there's probably going
to be sticky paths ahead but right now
it looks quite healthy and I think this
takes us down to to where we are David
you the Eternal Bull and me the Eternal
overly cautious bear of course it it
hasn't worked as we've seen with our uh
Turkish shooter here you know he's the
one that that's uh had a fantastic ftic
performance being dollar cost averaging
into spy I'm the one that's probably
missed out on a lot of that performance
because I have been way too cautious for
the past three years um just waiting for
the economy to slow and respond to the
the interest rate increases that we've
had for me I think we're really getting
to that point where this time lag of the
large interest rate increases that we've
seen are starting to come through so
we've had a Home Depot profit warning um
just in the last few days um we've had
Nike of course you you just see time
after time you've seen evidence of the
consumer slowing and you know how does
that fit into your your bull thesis
going forward well I think the most
important thing about markets these days
is the level of liquidity that we're
constantly at I think the amount that
central banks have done over the last 10
15 years has really contributed to a
brand new Baseline and the expectations
and psychology of the market is even if
we do start to get bad data what's going
to happen around the corner is QE lower
interest rates they're going to be ultra
Ultra responsive to asset price
decreases we saw it over covid you know
and if for example the dollar starts to
find shortages which tends to precede
most crises then that tends to be when
the FED Acts or at least when other
central banks act with dollar liquidity
swap lines and things like that there's
a requirement these days for central
banks almost act really really quickly
and I think that's so important in the
psychology of the everyday investor
these
[Music]
days and talking of the dollar that
takes us on very nicely to our trades of
the month from last month now it's going
to be very hard to beat those because we
we have both nailed it let's be honest
congratulations you're um long of Yen y
so um you know shorting US dollar Yen
was absolutely inspirational that that
was I mean I have to blow my own trumpet
on this one because this was insane and
the the funny thing about trading
sometimes when I called that on the on
the previous podcast we trading at 161 I
think traded all the way down to maybe
was it below my target even what was the
low on dollar Yen was it 143 143 yeah so
I called 14 45 I believe um which was a
massive massive jump um and I think the
key thing to realize in markets is that
sometimes you don't need to get the
actual reasoning correct what you have
to realize is the extent to which
something has moved past normality I
guess and dollar Yen you know had
increased to such a level you know
nearly tickling up at 170 over a
relatively short period of time you know
the last year or two that it was always
du a snapback the most important thing
is thinking of the market like an
elastic band that's always the analogy
that I have in my head nice and
sometimes it doesn't matter what the
asset is sometimes you just look at the
data and say to yourself is there
sufficient reasoning for a snapback here
that tends to be where the Home Run
trades come from absolutely right and
and also the home run on the way down um
my trade of the month obviously being
short NASDAQ NASDAQ
again not quite for the reason that that
panned out but we we woke up on that
Monday morning and just had that shock
factor of the down 12% on the Japanese
markets um with the big move in the Yen
and of course the NASDAQ was was dragged
down with that
however looking forward now okay because
that gave us all the opportunity even
the likes of gold dropped on the back of
it and and I found myself the first
thing I wanted to do was raise cash by
selling positions that hadn't sold off I
wanted to raise cash to then invest into
the market that you know Nvidia down 25%
you know I I definitely wanted to get
involved in some and that Bitcoin down
at U 50,000 I thought that was one of
the best opportunities we've seen in
Bitcoin for a well so I sold my British
American Tobacco shares I sold my gold I
sold my us treasuries
you know so you can also see that things
that have absolutely nothing to do with
Japan or you know people aren't
leveraged long of British American
Tobacco you can see why they also sell
off to come into the asset that's that's
crater I think both of our trades come
down to the fact
that it's kind of like do you want to be
right or do you want to make money and
at the end of the day that is exactly
the mindset that Traders need you know
you can see all of this macro anal is
online and all of this stuff no one
cares about your reasoning if you're not
able to monetize your actual position
and at the end of the day that is all
that matters as a Trader and that's
great for those of you who are listening
um you know who are maybe new to trading
or relatively inexperienced to trading
managing your risk is the ultimate
number one that I think both of us uh
the advice we give is to to have the
discipline and in shocks like
in the last few weeks that we've seen
with the Yen carry trade and the
volatility then managing that risk is is
everything isn't it absolutely have the
risk managed so you can stay in the
market to actually get those home run
trades I think that is absolutely
Paramount you probably know it from your
experience that most of the p&l or most
of my p&l anyway comes from a handful of
Trades a year it doesn't come from
Trading daily because that's ridiculous
it comes from a few really really core
positions and being able to be alive to
manage and to actually action those core
positions is so vital absolutely the
most important thing that's
[Music]
right okay so looking forward what cast
list do we have in the next month now I
think your phrase being the bull would
be buy your calls sell your puts J
Powell's got us so fill your boots I
think after today's CPI it was
relatively in line was wasn't it we're
basically priced for a 25 basis point
cut and it was very interesting looking
at interest rate Futures at how they'd
really really overpriced the cut about a
week ago I'd say an emergency cut even
well yeah exactly it was just ridiculous
and I I called it out I said this is
totally misprice there's absolutely no
reason for um the market we're talking
about secured o overnight financing um
here there's absolutely no reason for
that to have increased the level it had
and it sold off a little bit now think
is trading about 95 is between 95 and 95
SP 25 and so I think you know that is
really really key that we've seen a
really really Swift move in interest
rate Futures and then back down so I
think from that perspective looking
forward you know the CPI has basically
nailed on the 25 basis points cut and
jerone pal is probably laughing because
we're seeing the volatility just smooth
out because the market is very assured
actually on what the FED is going to do
I think the Market's been very sure on
what the fed's going to do for a good
while now and if we want to talk about a
story we can talk about the Jerome power
story because I think he's been
fantastic in terms of guiding the market
as to what the FED is going to do and of
course we we do have Jackson Hall coming
up in uh in the the near future 22nd to
the 24th of August and I think that is
going to be key because that's where
we're going to see the transition that
pow makes from having or requiring this
confidence that inflation is going to
return to its Target I think that
confidence level will have been reached
now or he's going to say that the
balance of
risks now outweigh the confidence that
needs um to see inflation return to
Target the balance of risk now shifts
towards watching unemployment because of
course in the last jobs report we had uh
unemployment reach the high level of
4.3% which is way above their prediction
for where it would end um
2024 at so I'll take the other side of
your bull call I will say that JP will
not be happy I will say he's starting to
get a little bit nervous he's only Human
After All right so he has to come out
and he has to act confident I think
there will be a bit of him that is
worried about the momentum in the jobs
market and it is stalling the economy is
stalling so I worry that if we get down
to
4.5% by the end of the year that's still
actually breaking the economy and you
know the uh momentum now is in that
unemployment rate I think that's heading
towards 5% that's where you're really
going to start to get um bad data come
through on bank loans on credit card
defaults and we're going to start to see
consumer spending really not just slow
it's going to start being
negative um what we started to see now
is that unit numbers are negative so
people aren't buying as much but because
retailers have put prices up so much the
actual revenues are still positive I
think we actually see retail sales drop
off into negative and then um that's
when margins are hit and margins getting
hit means the S&P 500 comes down so
that's we'll put our our flags in the in
the in the camp there are bu versus bear
but I absolutely take your um your point
on liquidity because that has been
correct all
along right so moving on to our chart of
the month then David what have you
brought in for us today Chinese
government 30 year bond um purely
because their yields are at literally
decade lows well longer than that
actually this chart doesn't even go far
enough back this chart is from Bank of
America uh Bank of America's flow show
and I really really think it's
identifying the state that China is in
currently there's not actually been that
much chatter about Chinese uh economics
recently mainly because people are
concerned that the data isn't actually
real of course that's always a concern
but I think because there's been no
specific blowups we've had the property
issues which have been contained
politically very much politically um not
so much economically from what I
understand uh there are considerable
issues going on in China right now
internally right um there's been what
15,000 millionaires that have left I
know of FX desks that have been set up
purely to get money out of China legally
of course um but yes very much set up to
facilitate getting yuan into dollars and
out whether it's to the UK the US Canada
wherever wow this is happening and
they're making a lot of money these FX
desks as well um and so I I think the
story of China is really really tricky I
wrote a piece a couple of years ago
before actually everyone else on uh the
Chinese property market and specifically
uh to do with Grand yeah I remember and
this was based on the Chinese working
population as part of the thesis
actually having started to decrease so
there's actually a turning point that is
very very similar to Japan in 1989 that
is going on in China right now with
regards to debt with regards to the
property Market Japan had a very very
prosperous and prosperous in sort of air
quotes there uh a prosperous property
Market before the Lost decade of the
'90s yeah and then of course it had the
currency crisis in
1998 which is when they kicked off
quantitative easing 10 years or so
before everybody
else I really think that China is at
that stage now I think China are about
to have a lost maybe 20 years very
similar to Japan kicking off from now
you know we're hearing a lot about the
tech technological innov coming out of
China with driving car self-driving cars
electric vehicles all of this but this
is all very similar to Japan Toyota
obviously the biggest car manufacturer
in the world and funny enough they were
actually the first electric car
manufacturer that went sort of mass
market with the
Prius and there's a lot of very very
similar sort of case studies here with
regards to debt to GDP with regards to
demographics aging demographics and do
you know what the biggest risk to China
is right
now is it population it's population but
from the perspective that China now has
um a demographic where the young who
have traditionally been quite wealthy
are now having parents that are moving
into retirement age but both are living
for a very long time so all of that
wealth that these younger people have
had is now going to have to be
transferred to looking after two sets of
old AG parents so there's going to be
less consumer spending going forward
right in my view and this is very very
similar to what happened in Japan so
there's kind of a benefit to having an
older population but when your property
Market is so decimated and so unequal as
well that creates the massive issue
because rather than having a lot of
wealth in more liquid assets you've got
it all stuck in a property Market which
when credit dries up that wealth just
dissipates straight
[Music]
away there's one stock that I really
like and that is Prudential okay so so
London listed company but operations all
around the world so it's on 0.5 times
embedded value and just look at that
channel that we've seen um it dropped
from1 to6 over the past two years it's
just incredible thinking you know what
Global markets have been doing and that
is the performance of the pr so numbers
on the 28th of August the same day as
Nvidia um so you know be very busy this
these will be first thing in the morning
Nvidia last thing at night it's going to
be a long day I think of trading uh but
I just started picking up some of these
this morning um I think it's it's
bounced off that bottom Channel and if
we now get a break up and it breaks
through the top channel through
the7 then um I I think we could start to
see some some real movement higher and
what could The Catalyst be well let's
say the money has certainly come out of
China related stocks already um and you
can see the performance here the
valuation gives it some backing but also
there's that outside chance of m&a
activity would somebody like Buffett
want to take a Stak right he loves
insurance this is a a bite size um kind
of level for him to take a stake or even
in m&a would somebody like an HSBC come
in right so it's uh it's got a market
cap of 17 billion pound and um you know
that would be a really interesting
addition to their business so my trade
idea of the month is the
pr well mine is very different to yours
it's probably I would say it's uh a lot
shorter term so we're probably looking
at the next week or two whereas I think
yours 28th of August is well actually
it's about two weeks away now I've lost
lost time um summer does that but I
think over the next week or so I think
Intel has sold off way too much I think
in terms of if we just think about Intel
as a
company they're still a massive chip
maker they've lost what 30% of their
value in the last two weeks wow insane
there's no reason for it to have lost
30% of their value in the last two weeks
level have they dropped to now they've
dropped to
$25 I believe wow um and they they fell
off from I think it was about 30 bucks
yeah so if we look at you know a return
to that level if we're looking at you
know if the S&P continues to tick higher
for example you know Rising Tides lift
all boats um I don't see any reason why
it couldn't start touching 28 bucks 29
bucks which is a 50% increase I know
it's quite significant but that is um
the the levels that we can look at and
yeah I think as well if you consider
that Intel have looked to cut a hell of
a lot of jobs that should be a support
for a for a share price most people
think that's a bad thing a massive cost
cut like that no that's fantastic
because it makes you know net income
look way way better and do you know what
you've just inspired another idea pop
into my mind because when you're talking
about movement in the jobs Market when
you're talking about irrational moves
what about Starbucks stealing away the
CEO of Chipotle do you know the market
cap transition from out of Chipotle and
into Starbucks yesterday was over 20
billion doar one CEO is worth $20
billion that is a fantastic stat to be
fair I think you know it's very very
interesting uh do you know
who whose largest position is
Chipotle I actually don't know Bill
Amman oh really that's Ping's largest
position is Chipotle Grill it doesn't
make sense necessarily in my head as I
said I disregard anything irrational
when it doesn't necessarily make sense I
don't care about it they've had a
massive expansion globally over the last
say you know seven eight years
specifically um but to me it's like a
Wing Stop Story the fast food industry
outside of McDonald's doesn't make sense
because it's not got the same um sort of
uh property Enterprise as McDonald's if
that makes sense McDonald's makes sense
to me as a stock I completely get it the
others not necessarily um purely because
of the McDonald's Legacy more than
anything certainly um and I think it's a
very very interesting trade that you
mentioned there with regards to uh
Starbucks
because I thought Starbucks was a good
buy back
in when did I think is was a good I
think it was January or February mhm
they got smashed with by by the earnings
didn't they yeah um and also coffee
increased quite heavily so I sort of had
a hedge trade that didn't make any money
I was long Coffee Futures and also long
Starbucks
nice so it was like it I I was expecting
Starbucks actually to increase in price
with price insensitive buyers but no
that wasn't the the case really and
that's yeah that's what's really
interesting with the consumer as a whole
is they are becoming price sensitive and
they are stepping away from those price
increases but that's not the trade idea
ah right what's the trade setup right
right so we saw 20 billion get added to
the market cap of Starbucks uh yesterday
who's going to be next who's going to be
the next one who has had an awful
performance in the past 12 months needs
to get rid of their
CEO and it's a very well-loved
International
brand listed in the US one of The
Darlings previous Darlings of the US
Stock Exchange and will go up 20% if
they manage to hire the right CEO I'm
talking about the swi do we have any
guesses Nike yes Nike indeed do you know
what I was thinking about Nike earlier
today um because I was thinking about my
next pair of
trainers and you do need a pair looking
at today's fashion
I shall bite my tongue Rich um at night
didn't enter into my head no at all for
my next purchase they really really
didn't which is strange because the pair
of shoe the pair of trainers that I had
on were Nik yeah it's a really really
strange brand transition they've had and
I said on LinkedIn that they've kind of
lost the culture which I think they have
really really badly and I think you're
absolutely right a change of CEO would
send the share price up purely on an
expectations basis of a almost like
release of the Badness drawing a line
under it it's it's in a death spiral I
was in Paris at the weekend to to watch
the last weekend of the Olympics and on
the Sunday we decided to go for a hike
and there was seven of us on the hike
and five of us were wearing New Balance
and two others were wearing hiking shoes
but there wasn't a pair of Nikes to be
seen in the house
at all and that is just incredible
transition you know two years ago I
would have gone and did you know have a
a Wardrobe full of Nikes and now slowly
I'm going Adidas New Balance um or some
funky Z zarone because they're so cheap
yeah I think you know it's uh it's a
very very strange transition because I
don't even see the younger people at my
gym for example wearing Nike right so
before we wrap things up I've got one
last question for you Nvidia earnings
28th of August do we see the stock go
higher the next day or lore it's a very
difficult question actually because I
feel like even if the the earnings were
to go um no I'm joking it's going to go
higher it's going to be so interesting
because we already know that black
whale's delayed um you know we know that
they've got a full demand uh full uh
book of demand there so what does he
come out with you know the I've seen
earnings previews for 68 cents for EPS
for the quarter 495 for the year 495 for
the year means that at 110 bucks they're
on 22 23 times earnings it's great
that's scary it's fantastic you know
that's that stock can definitely go
higher so I'm there you go there's
something we we agree on versus sector
PE as well and surely we'll drag Intel
up which is maybe four or five times
undervalue versus sector P yeah amazing
undervaluation I think it's just it's
going to have another Blockbuster and
I've I've said as well we are in a stage
of disbelief or at least we're entering
a stage of disbelief I feel like people
are very very connected with the pivot
into Cuts MH um and they think there's
going to be turmoil as you do and I just
I just see a stock market disbelief
rally into the end of year excellent
well everybody thank you so much for
joining us for the market Edge thank you
thank you and we look forward to seeing
you next month



How to use Meta Trader 4 (MT4): Beginner's guide:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_H-zHIfE2Q

metr Trader 4 or mt4 for short is a
trading platform that's simple to use
and full of functionality like charts
price alerts custom indicators and
analytical tools it launched in 2005 and
even though it looks outdated it really
is functional it's the most popular
trading platform used by retail Forex
Traders around the globe and it's a
great way to keep Pace with the market
in real time wherever you are it's
highly customizable and can even
automate your trading for you axi offers
it as a free download for PC Mac Android
and iPhone as well as mt4 web Trader
which gives you access to your
metatrader 4 account from your web
browser in this series I'm going to give
you a complete walkr of the software
including how to monitor prices place a
trade and use different order types
let's take a look at a few of the basic
functions the mt4 offers so we're going
to start by looking at some of the
shortcut keys in this section here we
can scroll over some of these tabs to
see their function to open a new chart
click on this icon and select the
desired currency pair or
instrument there are icons which allow
you to instantly Select Market Watch
Navigator and
terminal the New Order button is all
about making a
trade as you can see you can enter a buy
or sale trade via this
feature the expert advisor tab is for
automatic trading and that allows you to
implement a trading system in a robot
mode you can select the style of chart
to
view select between a bar candle or line
chart for your
analysis the two magnifying glasses are
zoom in and zoom out features making
your charts as big or as small as you
like
also shift your chart to where you
prefer through the autoc scroll and
chart shift
tabs there's a number of different time
frames you can view these range from
monthly charts to as low as the one
minute
charts also you can add indicators and
even create templates through
metatrader so the Navigator is where you
set up your account you can select
indicators and expert advisors firstly
the Navigator displays your account name
and number regardless if you're in demo
or live mode if the Navigator section is
not visible on your platform for
whatever reason then you proceed to view
Tab and select Navigator this will
present the Navigator you can run
multiple accounts on metatrader for both
live and demo modes for example we have
an account opened here and here's the
name of the account and the number as
you you can see if we choose to open an
additional account go to file scroll
down and select open an account proceed
to fill in all the generic details
select agree and then click on next and
next again a different set of details
including a login and password have been
assigned to you and select finish as you
can see we now have set up two accounts
to use as you wish double click on the
account you prefer to trade with as
shown and put in your login and password
details selecting the option to save
account information is great as this
function will save your information and
it will save you a lot of time so every
time you open metatrader from your
desktop you'll automatically be
connected and logged into your account
ready to trade this feature really does
save you a lot of time so make sure you
remember to do it now let's have a look
at some other functions of the Navigator
the Navigator displays a number of tools
you can use such as indicators and
expert ad
visors if you go to the indicators Tab
and click on the plus button here
there's a list of the standard generic
default indicators that metatrader
provides the indicators on offer are
very standard and generic if you'd like
to use a specific indicator and load it
onto the charts go to the
selection click on the indicator hold
down your left Mouse button and drag it
into the chart and let go
you've now successfully loaded the
indicator onto your chart to trade with
the navigator also gives you access to
expert advisors or EAS these are what
most people in the industry refer to as
forx robots and they include elements of
automated trading just to note before
loading an EA make sure that you have
enabled the auto trading tab up
here it should be active when it
displays a green arrow loading an EA is
done in the same manner as loading an
indicator once you've loaded the EA
successfully a little smiley face should
appear and we just make sure that the
live trading is
enabled and in the top right hand corner
should be a little smiley face just as
I'm pointing to here if that's not
displayed then an error has occurred in
the loading process and the EA will not
activate there's also a section for
custom indicators in the Navigator
this is an area which highlights any
custom indicator you've saved into
metatrader beforehand remember once
you've loaded any standard indicator EA
or custom program indicator on your
charts you can create a template to
customize the way your charts look now I
like my charts in a certain way and
luckily metatrader is fully customizable
as you can see at this stage after we've
installed metatrader this default page
appears at this point we can set up our
charts to our
liking to change the currency pair on
the chart navigate to Market Watch left
click on the currency pair and drag and
drop onto the chart you'd like to change
if you'd like an additional chart right
click on the currency pair in the market
watch and select chart window from the
drop-down at this stage there are four
charts that have been pre-selected for
us via the default stage let's select
one chart to begin with right click on
the chart scroll down to where it says
grid and left
click this is now disabled and removed
the grid feature from the chart we can
select the type of chart to use a candle
a bar or a lime chart for this
illustration we're going to use a candle
chart right click on the chart and
select the properties Tab and the
properties box will appear
so let's go through the process of
setting up how we' like our candles and
other chart features to appear let's
begin with the candle
properties select bar up and click on
the line of any desired color you
wish then click on bar down and choose
red then select Bool candle and make
that lime
green and then for the bare candle again
select
red proceed by clicking on
okay we can now see that the candles
have been created according to our
preference in order to change the
background color of the chart and the
foreground color we need to right click
on the chart itself scroll down to
properties and then please select the
background color of your choice for the
chart we can also change the foreground
color which highlights the price and
text on the
chart so choose any color
here and then click okay when you're
done now instead of repeating this
process for every chart there's a much
easier way by Saving these changes via a
template right click on the chart you
just created scroll down to where it
says template and select save
template a prompt box will appear this
is where you can save the chart you
created as a template to reuse name your
template and then click save I'm going
to name this one axi now let's select
one of the four charts that are still in
default mode right click on the chart
select template then load
template and select the file name you
created there it is so I select the axi
file that I
created and select that one as you can
see we just created another chart to our
own specific
continue to change any other chart that
you wish to trade
with in order to open a new chart go to
the file tab select new chart and then
you select the market or currency pair
you'd like to view and use to trade with
in this example we're going to open a US
CAD currency pair so that's the US
dollar against the Canadian
dollar once again we can assign the
template to this new chart
we now have another chart created we
have the choice of viewing each chart in
a single mode one by one by selecting
each tab here
below so as you can see here each chart
represents a different currency
pair now all these charts are open for
us to flick between but there's also a
few other ways to view the charts if you
go to the window tab at the top and
select either tile horizontally or tile
vertically then this allow you to view
all the charts that are opened
simultaneously right now we're going to
get to the good stuff okay how to place
a trade so there's multiple different
ways to open a trade from the platform
firstly from the top
toolbar here with new
order from the chart
trading and New
Order and from market watch
itself again with the New Order so from
the toolbar make sure you're on the
right chart to start with as this will
determine the order box that will be
opened so we're going to take a look at
euro
dollar now select the New Order
Tab and The Order Box will display the
relevant information of the currency
pair you've selected to
trade the symbol is the actual name of
the currency pair or instrument that
you're placing a trade on as you can see
it states the name euro versus US
dollar now the volume refers to the lot
size that you're going to trade in in
other words how much money you'd like to
allocate per pip now depending on the
type of account that you've opened with
axi and the actual currency pair you've
elected to trade the volume size of one
normally equals $10 per pip 0.1 equals
$1 per pip and 0.01 is 10 cents per
pip the types of orders range from
either Market orders or pending orders
let's Select Market execution for this
example please note the bid and ask are
displayed
here so let's take a buy order in this
currency pair and our order has been
confirmed at this price here of one spot
0944 click
okay and then let's also take a sell
order on another currency pair as well
uh I'm going to choose the US
swissy so on the us swissy we're going
to click new order select the volume
size and then proceed to execute the
sale by market
order now the order's been successfully
entered at this price
here as you can see we've taken two
trades okay along on the euro dollar and
a short on the us swissy if we refer to
the Chart the buy order is located here
at the entry price on the EUR doll
represented by the green dotted line and
the sell order is shown here for the us
swissy this is the entry price let's
confirm these trades by referring to the
trade section on the terminal below so
both trades have been entered but we've
not allocated a stop loss or take profit
for either trade yet so right click on
the trade itself in the
terminal select
modify and delete order and allocate the
stop loss level
in this case we've taken a Buy on the
euro dollar therefore the stop loss must
be placed below the current price at a
given tolerance
point the take-profit target order must
be above the current
price once you've entered these levels
then click modify if we look at the
chart the stop loss order has been
placed here below the initial entry and
the take profit is located here above
the entry
for the US swissy sale that was executed
the stop loss needs to be place above
the entry price as you're selling the
market hoping it will go down and the
takeprofit is to be placed below the
entry when referring to the terminal
it's evident that all the orders are in
place if these trades are successful in
other words if euro dollar goes up and
US swissy goes down the profit orders
will be triggered and following this the
trades will be automatically closed if
the trades go against the direction of
our analysis then the stop loss orders
will activate and the trades will be
closed resulting in a
loss there is the option of manually
closing the position if you choose to
exit prior to either the take profit or
stop loss order being triggered then
right click on the trade you're in and
click on close
order in this case you'll also see an X
at the end of each trade line which can
also be used to close the trade at
Market this will instantly close your
position the terminal is one of the most
important features of your metatrader 4
because it gives you all the information
about the order you've just executed
the terminal is located below the chart
section here if the terminal is not
displayed then go up to view Tab and
scroll down and select terminal this
should make the terminal appear all the
features of the terminal are displayed
in these tabs here let's start by
focusing on the trade tab the terminal
provides the information such as the
time you took the trade the type of
trade that is whether you executed a buy
or sell the volume size in other words
how many Lots you're trading the symbol
AS in the currency you're trading the
entry price where you enter the
trade and any allocated stoploss or
takeprofit
levels it also shows the bid or ask
price depending on whether you went long
or short the swap amount and finally the
most important aspect your profit
section this highlights the status of
your live trade and the profit or loss
of the the trade that you are in the
terminal provides access to also
managing the live trade that has been
executed for example let's look at this
Euro doll chart as you can see we've
preset all the parameters of the trade
once we execute it in place the order in
this case we entered a buy or a long
trade if you'd like to close the
position right click in the terminal
area and choose close order as you can
see at this point the order has been
closed and the trade has been exited if
we refer to the terminal the euro dollar
trade is no longer open as it's been
closed you will only ever see open
positions and limit orders that are
pending in the trade section of the
terminal now the account history tab
provides all the information on past
trades that you've
taken this information is based on all
closed transactions not current live
trades that you're in the great feature
of this account history is that it
allows you to generate reports which
highlight the performance and status of
your account right click on the terminal
and you have two options to select save
as report or save as a detailed report
let's select save as detailed report as
this provides a little bit more relevant
information select this
option save the report in a location of
your choice and instantly a report is
produced it displays information such as
all the tra trades you have taken over a
specific period which you can customize
along with the data such as winning
trades versus losing trades draw downs
and success rate an invaluable tool to
monitor your progress as a
Trader so knowing what kind of order you
want to make is essential and I'm going
to show you how to place them and why so
firstly open the New Order window and
select type this displays the two types
of order that you can place when taking
a trade there's Market execution which
once executed will instantly have you
entered into the market at the current
market price if you'd like to enter a
trade instantly this is the best option
to take as you'll automatically have
entry into the market or if it's a
simple order execution one click and you
are buying or selling the other type of
order is a pending order or what is
commonly known as a limit order limit
orders come in different forms firstly a
buy limit can be placed below the
current price at a point where you think
the price might come down to so you
anticipate the entry level you can
allocate the price point and you'll only
be entered into the trade if the price
hits your pending by order for example
you can place a buy limit
here as you can see you're anticipating
the market will come down and if it does
at this point only will you be entered
into the
buy if the market doesn't come down then
your order will not be executed or
better known as filled a sale limit is
very similar the only difference is that
you place your sell pending order above
the current market price and you wait
until the price comes up and triggers
your sell
entry the other forms of pending orders
are known as a buy stop or sell stop
order please note that these are not to
be infused with stop-loss orders they're
completely different types now a buy
stop is placed at point above the
current price anticipating that the
market will move higher and the order
will be triggered to go long in other
words placing a buy stop here you
anticipate a further move up potentially
a chart
breakout so place a buy stop and when
triggered you are buying the
market a sell stop order is all about
anticipating a move down and placing the
desired sell stop order at a price where
the market Market might dynamically move
down such as a chart breakdown by
placing a s stop order here the order
will be only executed if the market
comes down and goes through the order
price these types of orders are commonly
associated with breakout trading as
highlighted there are various types of
orders to choose from and as soon as you
place those orders they will appear in
the trade tab at the bottom of the
platform now which of these orders you
decide to use comes down to your own
trading style strategy
and your own personal
choice so the market watch lists all the
currency pairs including other
instruments that you can use firstly if
the market watch section is not visible
on your platform then go to the view Tab
and enable market
watch this should bring it up as you can
see the market watch displays individual
quote prices of all the currency
pairs this data is live what you viewing
is actual live prices the symbol is the
instrument listed the range will include
currency pairs Commodities and
indices the market watch displays
important information such as the bid
and ask price of each individual
instrument as you can see the rates are
live please note that the difference
between the bid and the ask is the
spread to view all the available list
right click on any of the pairs and
select show all
this displays the entire market watch
list that is offered by
axi to load a particular currency pairer
for the market watch onto the chart left
click on a pair in this case we'll use
the euro versus the US dollar once it's
highlighted hold down your left Mouse
button and drag it across anywhere into
the chart and let go youve now updated
and loaded your chart with the euro
dollar Alo Metro Trader for May seem
intimidating at first it really is worth
you investing your time into to master
the platform because this will help you
trade your Edge



Bullish or Bearish? The EASY Way To Read Markets:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uk-PY5Usooc

so how do we judge if a market is in a
bull market or a bare Market or more
importantly what regime it might be
changing to whether it's going to turn
bearish or bullish well I'm going to
give you some insight here as to how I
like to identify short mid and longer
term Trends in front of you you have the
percentage of stocks above the 20day
moving average in white the percentage
of stocks above the 50-day moving
average in Orange and then the percent
of stocks uh above the 200 daily moving
average in uh blue c whatever color you
want to denominate it
as what we're seeing at the moment is
that we're actually at quite an extreme
level for the 20-day moving average of
stocks uh you can see that back in July
when we fell off similar happened uh
stocks uh the the 20-day moving average
was up here about 70 plus% you can see
that the start of the year when we fell
off as well you know
uh we were we were up again or this
sorry this is 2022 we were up at uh this
here's the start of the Year sorry my
apologies um we were up you know above
70% again actually extending all the way
to almost 90% which is pretty crazy um
at the same time concurrently we had the
50-day and
also the uh the 200 day very very high
as well now we're seeing a bit of a
discrepancy here where the 200 day is
very very flat and my view what we see
seeing with that is to do with the
Russell so the Russell actually has um
uh lots of firms that aren't making any
money in it um this is part of the um uh
predominantly the S&P 500 but as we know
magnificent s make up 30% of the
movement of um of the S&P 500 anyway so
interest rates are biting basically
which is I think keeping the the
percentage of uh 200 daily moving
average of stocks lower relative to
history but I think this is a bit of a
bearish signal here um I think what
we're looking at in the shorter term at
least is you know as I mentioned earlier
today stocks to start to get dampened
and this is a fantastic way that you can
use to judge whereabouts we're at in the
timeline



Understanding What Currency Pairs Are Sensitive.:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UFeI37LNaXU

now you might notice that I talk about
macro quite a lot and there is good
reason for that now my background is
traditionally in FX it's what I know
quite a lot about and the reason why I
love FX is because it encompasses
everything so any kind of flow between
assets it really really is sensitive to
and this is what I really want to talk
about today it's what currencies are
really sensitive to outside of the
normal bond yield spreads and interest
rate
differentials so we've kind of got like
a few different types of currencies
we've got risk on currencies riskof
currencies the risk-on currencies tend
to be very very focused towards
Commodities towards equities and that
kind of thing and the riskof currencies
tend to be very defensive based on their
domestic geopolitics perhaps so if we
take the Swiss frank Switzerland is
traditionally a very neutral country
when it comes to geopolitics so whenever
things are kicking off in Switzerland
there tends to be a flight to the Frank
the same with the Yen the yen is also
relatively political neutral because of
Japan's stance in the world so
geopolitics come into the strength of
currencies then you get commodity
currencies such as you know the Canadian
dollar Canadian dollar is very very
sensitive to oil Aussie is very
sensitive to Metals so you've really got
to focus focus on what the Commodities
are doing and how that might influence
FX the same as everything else going on
around



The US Election: How to trade it:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oE1RgQy-Zio

[Music]
the US election will take place on
Tuesday November the 5th 2024 it's one
of the biggest Global events and will
shape Trends and policies all around the
world for the next four years but what
will this mean for the markets and for
your trading now there's no way to know
for sure whether the Democrats or
Republicans will win the election but
whatever the outcome as Traders we have
to look at things like probabilities and
the possible geopolitical
ramifications you've submitted your
questions now here are my
[Music]
answers ever since that first
presidential debate when Biden had his
bad night then the market has been
starting to price in a higher
probability of a trump win but with that
failed assassination attempt on Saturday
afternoon the market really started to
price in a trump victory
and it's not that hard to imagine with
that photograph that everybody saw with
the fist raised in the air in defiance
against what had happened and the
American flag in the background but we
are only in July and as this election
campaign is already shown it's almost
like a Netflix drama who knows what
could happen
next so data shows that nobody really
knows whether the market will go higher
or lower on a a Democratic or republican
win however what we can be sure in
certain Trump trades as they've been
called is that there are sectors that
will benefit more from a trump
presidency this is because Trump is
known to want to spend more to achieve
higher economic growth despite it being
fueled by debt now that means that
cyclical stocks are likely to outperform
because these move in line with the
economic cycle better economic growth
equal higher profits for ccal companies
by cyclical companies I mean those
involved in construction or Industrials
or consumer discretionary
stocks now this is my sixth US
presidential election in my trading
career however one really stands out and
that was the 2016 election where Trump
became the surprise Victor against
Hillary Clinton I was actually in a
hostel in Costa Rica of all places and I
remember staying up all night to watch
the election results come through and I
was trading on my cfd account now as
soon as it became to look like Trump was
going to be the surprise Victor the
market started dropping the US 500 or
S&P 500 actually went limit down about
3:00 in the morning down
5% I had been slowly buying and
accumulating more because I didn't see
why it was such a negative thing but it
was just the shock factor that the
market was not enjoying however it went
into a volatility auction which means
that all trading stops for 10 minutes
and that was the low and we've never
been back to a low like it again since
2016 so whatever happens on November the
5th just be prepared for the
[Music]
unexpected so the great thing about
crypto markets are of course they're
open
247 and we saw an example of how useful
this is for Traders because Bitcoin was
trading when the events unfolded live on
CNN on that Saturday afternoon with the
failed assassination attempt in the
first instance Bitcoin dropped 1% in a
straight line nobody knew what was going
on but within minutes and as soon as
Trump was back in his feet raising the
hand in the air Bitcoin started rallying
aggressively it was up 2% then 3% and 4%
and that's because Trump is well known
to be more of a friend to crypto than a
democratic win in the election would be
now we're a few days since and Bitcoin
7% higher than where it was before the
failed assassination attempt so it
certainly looks like crypto is going to
be a beneficiary of a potential Trump
win and of course crypto markets have
suffered from the tough regulation shown
by the Democrats over the last four
years so if we were to see a change in
presidency to the Republican party you
might see some of those fears
[Music]
alleviated so if the benefits of the
Trump win in the short term are higher
spending for higher growth then what
about the medium term you can't keep on
kicking the can of debt down the road
what we do know that interest repayments
on the federal debt are set to grow
substantially no matter who wins the
election over the next 18 months we know
that interest repayments are going to
jump over defense they're going to jump
over spending on Medicare and they're
going to go into the number one expense
of the US government at over $2 trillion
a year because the US government is
already funding such high debt levels
then this is going to take an even
higher interest rate to attract enough
investors to buy those bonds so at some
point towards the end of the presidency
then we might start to have concerns
about a further debt crisis of course a
debt crisis means inflation and again
means higher interest rates all this
could come at a time where the economy
is slowing after that initial High
Splurge that looks like there could be a
crisis of confidence in the US dollar or
Fiat money as a whole therefore gold
could well be one of the main
beneficiaries in the medium term or even
Bitcoin at
self so if Trump comes into office and
starts throwing around much bigger
tariffs on China this time I think they
may well be better prepared for it
cementing relations between Russia
Middle Eastern countries such as Iran
and Saudi Arabia and themselves and then
suddenly we start to see a trade War not
just because of the tariffs but also on
the oil price now remember oil price is
what's going to lead to more inflation
and if you're already having trouble
with high interest rates because of your
debt levels the last thing you need is
an oil price going through 100 or
$150 so already in this election
campaign we've seen a lot of the party's
donors turn against the candidate and
then we've had a failed assassination
attempt and it's only July we've still
got months to go until this election so
who knows what's going to happen one big
concern for markets is an increased
polarization between the two parties
voters so what you really need to be
aware of are your risk limits the
potential reaction to any Black Swan
events and are you prepared for any
outcome what'll be for certain at some
point between now and November we will
see higher volatility so to trade your
Edge be prepared be disciplined and get
that risk management in line



Does The Death Cross Work?:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qQAhhI2hmfE

I hear a lot about the death cross and
maybe the Golden Cross quite a lot in
trading circles I'm going to focus on
the death cross today is it a good
indicator well I don't really think so I
I think that it's over complicated and
you can actually simplify it much more
by using just a 200 daily moving average
but firstly what is the death cross the
death cross is when a faster moving
average crosses below a slower moving
average people tend to think that it
means that there's going to be a broader
market decline but if we take the
example of covid March 2020 the death
cross occurred and it basically timed
the bottom of the market so you would
have lost money over the years what the
death cross combined perhaps with the
golden cross is able to do is to
effectively limit match draw down but as
I mentioned at the start you can kind of
do this just with a 200 daily moving
average strategy if the market crosses
below the 200 daily moving average you
exit your position when it goes back up
you enter and you can do this over and
over again until you actually jump onto
that Trend which does trade well above
the 200 daily moving average should you
therefore use the def cross I don't know
if you are able to develop a method of
being in the market less because of it
and it



How To Manage Winning Trades:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZjV8yRwnzKU

now there's so much talk of how to deal
with losses in trading that dealing with
wins kind of gets I guess brushed to the
side you know everyone's more emotional
about losing than they are about winning
but the problem with winning can
actually be worse than the problem with
losing see a lot of people might start
attributing a couple of wins in a row as
being down to their skill and when that
happens their bias is seep in and
effectively create bad habits for
example if you've been on a couple of
winners you might expect then that you
are in fact on a winning streak and you
might attribute that winning streak to
something that it is
not this can then cause you to maybe
over leverage or you know to do the
wrong thing it doesn't matter what it is
but unless you are adequately trying to
understand why you're winning winning
can actually be worse than losing
because something that you might notice
or might hear about is loads of people
who during the ball Market of 2020 20 21
they made a ton of money but they
attributed this to their skill rather
than simply the market conditions when
the market conditions changed ever so
slightly they tried to replicate you
know the exact same thing as during the
ball market and then they lost 70 80% of
their funds so understanding exactly why
you're winning is probably more
important than understanding why you're
losing and of course you can attribute
quite a lot of it to luck but being able
to really nail down the difference
between luck and Alpha so Alpha is you
know how much you beat a benchmark by is
really really important once you
understand that you take those
conditions that you succeed in and try
and only trade in those conditions that
is probably the best piece of advice
that I can give you when it comes to
dealing with
winning for



Why Liquidity Matters?:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BMUPZ44nafE

the US market shut today so it gives us
a great opportunity to talk about
something very important which is
liquidity now what is liquidity well it
is effectively the ease at which you can
enter and exit a market without
disturbing the price so FX for example
is an extremely liquid asset class you
can get into Euro Dollar on the bid and
offer at a spread of sometime 0.1 for
example now liquidity is extremely
important because over time your trading
costs will accumulate now a lot of study
on Bank hedge fund desks Etc broking
desks are done on the extent to which
you can enter and exit a market because
if you can imagine if you are throwing
about massive position sizes over time
the amount of costs that you pay might
even in might even eat into your
strategy so the returns that you might
make a day like today when it's us
thanks giving it's probably quite
prudent not to trade purely because the
spread will be moving all over the place
if you were to Market order into the
market you might see a spread of maybe
five to 10 times more than usual hours
for example so liquidity is absolutely
vital when you're looking at deploying
your strategy in the most sensible and
optimal way trading costs are a massive
massive facet of any strategy and it's
very very vital to pay attention to it
you can mitigate lots of problems with
liquidity by using limit orders where
you're always going to get filled at the
price you want um but generally it's
advisable not even to trade on things
like us holidays because the US
dominates the market and if there's less
volume going through from the US there's
less Direction less
motivation and overall you're just
putting yourself at risk



What is Insider Trading?:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08LTelsI0IM

let's talk inside of trading and no I
don't mean you know the illegal sense I
mean what happens when Executives have
listed companies buy or sell their
shares and how you can view this
activity so if you go on to the
nasdaq.com site or just Google NASDAQ
Insider activity you can view what the
executives at all of these companies are
doing and the most important ones
naturally are going to be the
Magnificent s purely because they're the
largest they move the market around the
most so just
recently the uh General Council of Apple
had
sold their shares in in apple basically
the full amount so I'm just trying to
find the exact uh listing here so uh
Katherine Adams dumped her entire Apple
steak for a total value of 23.3 million
and this was on the 16th so I don't even
think this has come up yet no it's not
it's not even there yet so she's dumped
her entire State the the lawyer of Apple
which you know it might just be her
wanting to leave might just be uh it
could even be just a scheduled sell but
a scheduled sell at that amount is a bit
too much so the trading takeout from
today is effectively you can see when
the executives are being positive or
negative about their company and when
you see a full sale of I would be
kind of a little bit critical as to
where the overall Market is going
especially when it's a company the size
of Apple that is doing it when you then
take into account the previous bits of
information we've spoken about today
corporate BuyBacks being exceptionally
low and Goldman suggesting that over the
next week equities are going to be sold
off then you can start putting a bit of
a sentiment Cloud brainstormed together
oh



Why you shouldn't Use Colours On Your Chart.:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4fQeIMd7zsw

you'll notice on my charts that I use
the black and white color coordination
or or appearance whatever you want to
call it and there's a very good reason
for this and I think the best way to
explain this is when you go into a
casino what are the colors of the tables
what are the colors that you see around
you what are you seeing constantly and
it tends to be green and
red now why is that well it's because
people associate green with good and red
with bad or if you're in Asia it's
actually the opposite red is good and
green is bad but I don't want these
associations to form anything
subconscious in my head I want to look
at something and have to say to myself
oh okay uh right there's the open and
there's the close I don't want to have
to go all right yeah the screen so
that's good that's up I want to have to
force myself to examine exactly what's
going on on the chart and you know it
takes me half a second these days
because I just automatically understand
it but the fact that there's no
emotional Association to the colors and
it's very very slight this is such a
slight sort of thing that you can change
but it adds up if you're making constant
little changes like this where there's
no association emotionally to things
then at the end of the day it could save
you one day from entering the market
wrong or you know basically just doing
something wrong so these tiny little
changes add up to things and I think one
of the easiest ones to do is to try and
look objectively at the market is the
same as when I say to try and use
volatility stop so that you're not you
know just throwing down a stop loss
wherever you think is right rather than
where it objectively should be you want
to remove subjectivity as much as
possible because there's so much
subjectivity that goes on in having a
view that when it comes down to
execution when it comes down to
everything else you just want to get rid
of that
oh



Buy Stocks of Firms You Use Regularly:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o0Uq3s13ZO0

here's a great really short trading
takeout and it
is make sure that you invest in the
shares of companies that you use
regularly because if you're using them
regularly so will many other people and
this cements their place as a real
leader in the
industry
that



Know Your Trading Edge!:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M1Ike_HYQqg

so something that is a little bit
difficult I would say in trading is to
understand exactly what factors are
making you
profitable now for me it's much less
about the strategy and more about
understanding whether there is an
implied probability increase or decrease
between doing one action versus another
so it's not about quantifying
necessarily but it's about trying to
create a framework in your own head
would permit you to be in the most
probab probabilistic advantageous
position at each moment so let's take
for example risk management if you are
able to objectively say that you can
risk a decent amount each trade without
blowing up that is advantageous okay if
you're able to say use the macroeconomic
side of things in line with the
technicals that is equally advantageous
as well so being able to really really
focus on those elements that are within
your control that have been repeated
previously that you understand to be
profitable is definitely the things that
you should be writing down and focusing
on every single time you look to analyze
a market and then execute



DESCOBRINDO A VANTAGEM MENTALDO MANCHESTER CITY:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=to4KLX00uIA

everything starts in training and
practice i' always go into training with
the mindset of wanting to train the way
that I play it's important to prepare if
you don't prepare properly you will not
perform properly as it's important like
in trading to have a strategy or a plan
for your trade it's really important in
a game to have a game plan as a
collective everything's about the game
but you won't be successful in games if
you don't trade your game
plan in a football match there's ups and
downs and I think it's important to just
and remember the plan that you had and
the strategy that you had it's just
really important to bring it back to the
basics when things aren't going so well
and make sure you're working hard in
trading and in sports data shows where
you're good and where you can improve
looking at the data really helps you to
know what you're doing really really
well also what you need to improve on in
the training pitch be patient keep
believing in what you're doing it's good
it takes a bit of time in our team
especially we trust the process a lot if
you trust yourself and believe in
yourself sometimes the best thing is
just to be patient stay put the ability
to focus and block out distractions is
really important like when we're on the
field for match day I think being able
to just focus on yourself and ignore all
of that is so important to get the best
out of you for the game if you lack
concentration for a second you might
miss an opportunity so staying focus is
is quite an essential
thing it's really important to set
personal goals week in week out to know
what you're aiming for we always set
ourselves team goals in the beginning of
the Season sometimes even over a set of
games I have my person goals I have them
in my mind all the time I write them
down and I make sure I achieve them
[Music]



UNCOVERING THE MENTALITY EDGE OF MAN CITY (Global):https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SQjJBSwYHdw

everything starts in training and
practice i' do always go into training
with the mindset of wanting to train the
way that I play it's important to
prepare if you don't prepare properly
you will not perform properly as it's
important like in trading to have a
strategy or a plan for your trade it's
really important in a game to have a
game plan as a collective everything's
about the game but you won't be
successful in games if you don't trade
your game
plan in a football match there's ups and
downs and I think it's important to just
and remember the plan that you had and
the strategy that you had it's just
really important to bring it back to the
basics when things aren't going so well
and make sure you're working hard in
trading and in sports data shows where
you're good and where you can improve
looking at the data really helps you to
know what you're doing really really
well also what you need to improve on in
the training pitch be patient keep
believing in what you're doing it's good
and it takes a bit of time in our team
especially we trust the process a lot if
you trust yourself and believe in
yourself sometimes the best thing is
just to be patient and stay put the
ability to focus and block out
distractions is really important like
when we're on the field for match day I
think being able to just focus on
yourself and ignore all of that is so
important to get the best out of you for
the game if you lack concentration for a
second you might miss an opportunity so
staying focus is is quite an essential
[Music]
thing it's really important to set
personal goals week in week out to know
what you're aiming for we always set
ourselves team goals in the beginning of
the Season sometimes even over a set of
games I have my person goals I have them
in my mind all the time I write them
down and I make sure I achieve them
[Music]



UNCOVERING THE MENTALITY EDGE OF MAN CITY (AU):https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pb4yuaRKoFA

everything starts in training and
practice i' do always go into training
with the mindset of wanting to train the
way that I play it's important to
prepare if you don't prepare properly
you will not perform properly as it's
important like in trading to have a
strategy or a plan for your trade it's
really important in a game to have a
game plan as a collective everything's
about the game but you won't be
successful in games if you don't trade
your game
plan in a football match there's ups and
downs and I think it's important to just
and remember the plan that you had and
the strategy that you had it's just
really important to bring it back to the
basics when things aren't going so well
and make sure you're working hard in
trading and in sports data shows where
you're good and where you can improve
looking at the data really helps you to
know what you're doing really really
well also what you need to improve on in
the training pitch be patient keep
believing in what you're doing it's good
and it takes a bit of time in our team
especially we trust the process a lot if
you trust yourself and believe in
yourself sometimes the best thing is
just to be patient and stay put the
ability to focus and block out
distractions is really important like
when we're on the field for match day I
think being able to just focus on
yourself and ignore all of that is so
important to get the best out of you for
the game if you lack concentration for a
second you might miss an opportunity so
staying focus is is quite an essential
[Music]
thing it's really important to set
personal goals week in week out to know
what you're aiming for we always set
ourselves team goals in the beginning of
the Season sometimes even over a set of
games I have my person goals I have them
in my mind all the time I write them
down and I make sure I achieve them
[Music]



UNCOVERING THE MENTALITY EDGE OF MAN CITY (UK):https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a2mWCZFmBPI

everything starts in training and
practice i' always go into training with
the mindset of wanting to train the way
that I play it's important to prepare if
you don't prepare properly you will not
perform properly as it's important like
in trading to have a strategy or a plan
for your trade it's really important in
a game to have a game plan as a
collective everything's about the game
but you won't be successful in games if
you don't trade your game
plan in a football match there's ups and
downs and I think it's important to just
and remember the plan that you had and
the strategy that you had it's just
really important to bring it back to the
basics when things aren't going so well
and make sure you're working hard in
trading and in sports data shows where
you're good and where you can improve
looking at the data really helps you to
know what you're doing really really
well also what you need to improve on in
the training pitch be patient keep
believing in what you're doing it's good
and it takes a bit of time in our team
especially we trust the process a lot if
you trust yourself and believe in
yourself sometimes the best thing is
just to be patient stay put the ability
to focus and block out distractions is
really important like when we're on the
field for match day I think being able
to just focus on yourself and ignore all
of that is so important to get the best
out of you for the game if you lack
concentration for a second you might
miss an opportunity so staying focus is
is quite an essential
thing it's really important to set
personal goals week in week out to know
what you're aiming for we always set
ourselves team goals in the beginning of
the Season sometimes even over a set of
games I have my person goals I have them
in my mind all the time I write them
down and I make sure I achieve them



DESCUBRIENDO LA VENTAJA MENTALDEL MANCHESTER CITY:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vNRgUmcQkpk

everything starts in training and
practice i' always go into training with
the mindset of wanting to train the way
that I play it's important to prepare if
you don't prepare properly you will not
perform properly as it's important like
in trading to have a strategy or a plan
for your trade it's really important in
a game to have a game plan as a
collective everything's about the game
but you won't be successful in games if
you don't trade your game
plan in a football match there's ups and
downs and I think it's important to just
and remember the plan that you had and
the strategy that you had it's just
really important to bring it back to the
basics when things aren't going so well
and make sure you're working hard in
trading and in sports data shows where
you're good and where you can improve
looking at the data really helps you to
know what you're doing really really
well also what you need to improve on in
the training pitch be patient keep
believing in what you're doing it's good
it takes a bit of time in our team
especially we trust the process a lot if
you trust yourself and believe in
yourself sometimes the best thing is
just to be patient stay put the ability
to focus and block out distractions is
really important like when we're on the
field for match day I think being able
to just focus on yourself and ignore all
of that is so important to get the best
out of you for the game if you lack
concentration for a second you might
miss an opportunity so staying focus is
is quite an essential
thing it's really important to set
personal goals week in week out to know
what you're aiming for we always set
ourselves team goals in the beginning of
the Season sometimes even over a set of
games I have my person goals I have them
in my mind all the time I write them
down and I make sure I achieve them
[Music]



MENYINGKAP KELEBIHAN MENTALITI MAN CITY:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-qfw7lg5tc

everything starts in training and
practice i' always go into training with
the mindset of wanting to train the way
that I play it's important to prepare if
you don't prepare properly you will not
perform properly as it's important like
in trading to have a strategy or a plan
for your trade it's really important in
a game to have a game plan as a
collective everything's about the game
but you won't be successful in games if
you don't trade your game
plan in a football match there's ups and
downs and I think it's important to just
and remember the plan that you had and
the strategy that you had it's just
really important to bring it back to the
basics when things aren't going so well
and make sure you're working hard in
trading and in sports data shows where
you're good and where you can improve
looking at the data really helps you to
know what you're doing really really
well also what you need to improve on in
the training pitch be patient keep
believing in what you're doing it's good
it takes a bit of time in our team
especially we trust the process a lot if
you trust yourself and believe in
yourself sometimes the best thing is
just to be patient stay put the ability
to focus and block out distractions is
really important like when we're on the
field for match day I think being able
to just focus on yourself and ignore all
of that is so important to get the best
out of you for the game if you lack
concentration for a second you might
miss an opportunity so staying focus is
is quite an essential
thing it's really important to set
personal goals week in week out to know
what you're aiming for we always set
ourselves team goals in the beginning of
the Season sometimes even over a set of
games I have my person goals I have them
in my mind all the time I write them
down and I make sure I achieve them
[Music]



Focus On What Changes The Most!:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KK5UMySP9wM

today's trading takeout is why you need
to pay attention to the biggest relative
moves especially in major asset classes
now in front of you we've got the
Japanese 10-year bond yield and this is
really really important purely from the
perspective
of the fact that yield curve
control is meant to be fixed but we've
just seen one of the largest rises in
the Japanese 10year yield ever
especially with where us equities are as
well
is this significant who knows but these
are things that you add into your view
on how you know markets are working you
look at the most relative moves and see
okay is that vital in my view of the
market and can this fit into a new piece
of the jigsaw to be able to determine
which way a certain asset class is going
how does it then interact with something
that I'm more familiar with and is it
going to cause other people to interact
with that asset class as well these are
the questions that you have to be asking
because it pays to look at these
relative moves that will influence
markets in some way or another



Keep It Simple!:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D8kL4z1oYGo

how simple that idea on dollar Yen was
because that's basically today's trading
takeout to always try and keep things
simple within a way that you understand
the market I'm not someone who enjoys
maths I'm not a Quant you know I can
understand Quant stuff if it's broken
down in a specific way but it wouldn't
be my go-to to try to understand exactly
what's going on in a market what I
prefer to do is look at qualitative
things so sentiment you you know how
have people behaved before what are
people's views on the market now um what
ways have I used certain topics or
themes previously that have worked and
do they apply Now using all of these
kind of things rather than saying okay
this is what the data is saying XY Z
moves by this amount over this period
and so I should do this now that doesn't
work for me it doesn't compute fast
enough in my head so always try and keep
to the things that are simple and you
can understand quite quickly because
that's what you need to do you need to
have pretty quick recall in trading so
that you're subconscious is acting with
your your more uh real time conscious so
that is today's trading takeout to
always keep things as simple as possible



How To Best Exit A Trade?:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QUe37Jl_Re8

today's trading takeout is going to be
something that's very very important but
rarely actually spoken about enough and
that is how to exit trades and I'm going
to show you how I tend to do it um and
I'm going to use the example of the
dollar Yen trade so let's say for
example you know we'd entered the trade
at the 200 daily moving average and
we've had got a few positions right in
this area and let's say you know we've
got four positions that are open each uh
one lot let's let's say for example it's
a buy position the way that I look at
the market is I want to exit as it moves
back against me and I tend to want to
exit greater than each position that I
entered if that makes sense so I maybe
want to have two three exits so we've
hit a resistance here and let's say we
got our buyers at you know 144 let's
say the way that I would want to get out
of here is as the market it then moves
say to here you know it moves through
146 I might want to take some off if it
then moves again down to here take some
more off and then you know once you get
to a final point maybe at half of your
initial half of the initial move you
want to take the further bit off so you
want to do it in stages to allow
yourself room for if the market does you
know come back but then bounce again you
want to be in the market still and still
be able to retain things because at the
end of the day you want to let your
winners run for as long as possible but
at the same time you want to be
comfortable that you feel like you've
banked some money and you can actually
see that money physically in your
trading account



Focus On The Data To Trade Macro!:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LZ5eqcD7mwI

now today's trade and takeout is
effectively how to understand that the
market is just a series
of relative changes versus previous it's
a series of surprise and that is what
people are looking for so on the
previous gold trade for example that we
mentioned that is really
just looking at the extent to which
inflation perhaps is slowing down
globally um and now we're looking at the
reflexivity on the way back even if we
look at say the es from last week or not
from last week from a couple of weeks
ago
um we can see
that when pal decided to speak which was
roughly here okay ignore this this is
just a a p of
a a little stupid paper trade that I put
on when when he said here that his base
case wasn't a uh soft Landing we saw the
reflexivity kick in because the market
here had priced in Cuts oh sorry the
market had priced in Peak rates for
roughly this period when he said that
the market absolutely tanked um and we
saw the extent to which the surprise or
level of surprise affects the market
massively this is something that you
always have to be F factoring in
especially as we're moving into the rate
cut
cycle how much is the market pricing
in X event but how much is X event
surprised by why data point okay always
focus on that and then the big
determinant is how long do you have to
action that idea if you've got a longer
time to action that idea that's perfect
if you don't then it's more event driven
it's more intr day intra week then you
have to be a little bit more Nimble have
the position size a little bit lower but
these are always things that you can be
looking out for how
much is the
consensus disturbed by recent data point
how much surprise has been brought into
the market



Stock Markets Are NOT The Economy!:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2PiXqbwzym4

stock market is not the economy that's
today's trade and takeout and I really
want you to understand this purely
because people get stuck with the
thinking that bad data automatically
should send stocks or even other markets
down see what really matters is
liquidity how much liquidity has been in
the economy how much liquidity is still
there how much is being withdrawn or
potentially added see right now what
people in Germany for example might be
betting on is that the ECB has to cut
rates which is why the Dax is at alltime
highs even though German data is so so
bad and it could be the same in the US
you know people are used to having low
interest rates so when it hits 5% but
growth is still high they're saying well
the only way is down we may as well stay
long please keep this at the Forefront
of your mind so you stop getting
confused as to why the Market's going up
oh



Learn To Trade The BIG Trend Changes:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9OBBJvPARm4

now there's various ways in which you
can deduce whether a trend is changing
or more specifically whether a regime is
changing but me coming from a macro
perspective I really love to focus on
interest rates and what the central
Bankers are saying at the end of the day
they control the money supply they
control the opportunity cost between
assets and asset selection so for me it
makes most sense to focus on what people
like your own pal you know Bailey at the
bank of England and legarda saying about
interest rate
policy for example pal speech yesterday
you know there's been a big pivot now in
terms of okay well we weren't talking
about rate Cuts previously but now we're
going to start to that is a massive
massive change in specific Trends and we
can see that through how you know us
treasuries have started to behave yields
have softened massively in response to
looking forward at potential rate Cuts
coming into play make sure that you pick
just one thing one or two things that
you can use to deduce when a regime
change is happening and stick with it
this could even be just a longer term
moving average or some form of pattern
but something that you notice that
occurs more often than not that is
successful at creating a new and broader
trend



Trade what is OBVIOUS!:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jce-a4I1Xfw

is a really strong piece of advice for
you for today's trading takeout and it
is always to take the most obvious
trades and the reason why you should
take the most obvious trades with the
most obvious ideas or backing behind
them is because it allows you to mess up
more you're never going to get execution
of anything right if you're taking
something that is really out there in
terms of okay I can see that this is
going to work out which it can happen
quite a lot actually if you really drill
down into into your process um you're
allowing yourself to mess up more you're
giving yourself space you're giving
yourself leeway and that's so important
in something where there's so much
pressure to do well at every single
component so make sure that you can
refine down to what is obvious to allow
yourself to mess up



It's Never Late To Buy Quality Stocks:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FvcDL0QmO3Q

[Music]
so I was having a chat with a mate just
this week and uh we were talking about
this stock Nova Nordisk and I said yeah
I really like it I hold it um and his
response was aren't I a little too late
to enter
Novo um Novo obviously being the stock
and I just thought for a second I I said
okay right let me just show you this
chart okay and so I sent this to him and
he was like yeah that makes perfect
sense when you're looking at quality and
you're looking at demand and you're
looking at you know whether a stock is a
good business or not whether it's gone
up you know massively in a short period
doesn't necessarily matter especially if
you're looking at maybe a five 10 15
year time frame in some cases you know
the the problem with being a Trader in
the short term and
then thinking about your passive
portfolio which everyone should maintain
one by the way is that you kind of get
stuck in two different biases you're
like oh but this Stock's gone up there's
momentum behind it it's going to fade
soon oh I need to get out ah and you
start crying um and you know worrying
too much um and then when there's the
the the more sort of passive side and
then you go back to trading oops you're
like oh no I'm holding this for too long
now um because it's meant to be a trade
and you get stuck in you know holding a
position for for too long or worrying
about holding a position for too long
because you need to be in and out of the
market and all of this nonsense when in
reality you can do both um but when it
comes to passive and you're holding
quality
stocks time Fram is are relevant
especially if you're receiving dividends
as well because they can compound so
always bear that in mind that just
because something has gone up quickly if
its quality and the fundamentals are
still there it's irrelevant it's
completely irrelevant especially when
there is strong foresight and strong
guidance for the future
[Music]



How Can You Trade Sentiment Successfully?:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t6QX3hLeSmY

so you really have to try and make the
information that you consume easy on
yourself um and it doesn't always mean
receiving information from quality
sources that are going to educate you a
lot of the information that I want to
take in is from really poor sources but
people explaining why they're coming to
a certain decision excuse me so for
example on the recent things that have
been Cur occurring over the weekend with
regards to
AI I take the view that there's a lot of
really really overly clever people who
are trying to force a niche for
themselves who then will put bets on
that are bad bets because they're overly
emotional because of whichever industry
or you know whatever their agenda is and
they're speaking from emotion rather
than from the reality my view on AI is
that it's a great tool for humans but
it's not going to ever replace humans it
it simply cannot do that in the same way
um because humans require or the human
addition requires context so when you're
looking at sentiment from a trading
perspective you want to find the people
that are speaking from their feelings
because generally feelings don't match
up with reality unfortunately it's a way
that human psychology works and so you
are able to produce uh a trade from this
you know the sentiment is overly
exuberant about something but the logic
behind the content is not matching the
feelings of a certain group of people
and especially if these people get
exuberant over a lot of different things
um or pessimistic then you're able to
actually go against them and this is the
perfect way to look at sentiment trading
there's a lot more to it such as current
positioning in the market as well you
know just because people are overly
exuberant if the market isn't stretched
to the upside it doesn't mean it's going
to come down vice versa with pessimism
if people are overly pessimistic but the
market isn't stretched it could still uh
it could still go down so you have to
match up the actual Market reality with
the stretched emotions of a certain
group of people
[Music]



US500 (S&P 500) Explained:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uLUAyumMBQ8

what is the S&P 500 it should be a
relatively easy question to answer and
it is um but my perspective on the S&P
500 is that is the greatest invention
after compound interest that anyone
could have ever given us it's
effectively designed to go up and I
don't say that lightly I say that as its
function is literally designed to go up
so let's take what it is it's a it's a
market cap weighted index of 500
companies in the US which means that
it's always going to be the 500 biggest
companies in the US obviously at the
moment the concentration is to Big Tech
because they have the biggest market
caps and so they determine maybe 30% of
the movement on any given day sometimes
it can be way more sometimes it can be a
tiny bit less but generally around 30%
of the movement which is why we focus so
much on talking about the Googles the
Amazon the Teslas the microsofts apples
you know all of these companies because
they determine basically the average
price move of the day but why do I say
it's the most beautiful product that's
ever been invented well let's say you're
the 500th company and your market cap
decreases you will then be replaced by
the 51st company so effectively it's
always getting rid of weakness and this
is why people say so much okay just stay
long the S&P 500 over 30 years and
you'll make money because it's
constantly evolving to replace the
weakest
constituent and give it back to the
strongest constituent you know give the
place to the strongest
constituent so if you can find a cheap
S&P 500 ETF which there are many of I I
don't think I should have to tell you
what they are um go on to any brokerage
site where you can actually buy physical
ETFs and and you'll probably be directed
to them make sure they're a low expense
ratio and in your passive portfolio just
stay long equities for you know a fairly
long time in in your in your pension or
whatever and that is probably one of the
best pieces of investing advice you can
receive



The Need To Pay Yourself.:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=irZwLO0S4do

there's something that's really
important in trading and it's the
concept of actually paying yourself you
know you can't do anything with
unrealized gains effectively so whenever
I'm you know advising newer Traders I'm
saying to them look make sure that
you're actually taking profit and it
doesn't necessarily matter how much at
the start just make sure you're chipping
away at it because eventually able to
get to the position where you do get
a home run and then that adds up to your
p&l but for the most part you're going
to want to just be chipping away and
making sure that you're taking bits here
bits there because otherwise you're not
accumulating anything you're just you
know getting the emotional side of
things oh look I've made this but then
oh no it's come back and on that point
you've got to make sure that you're not
going to break even when you move your
stop okay because effectively what
you're doing is you're
foregoing all of the profit that you've
made to just say all right I'm happy
just to have a risk-free trade it's not
risk-free because you're losing all of
that stuff so make sure that you are
always chipping away and if you do want
to move your stop move it into profit
even if it's only a tiny bit because
you've got to ask yourself and this is
one thing that always crops up with the
break even stock movement is would you
close your position out and then
re-enter right then if not then take
profit okay and obviously you'd move
your stop to where the break even uh
stop was in this hypothetical example
but if you wouldn't do that then take
profit and find another trade or reenter
elsewhere or you know just basically
never move your stop to break break
either
[Music]



Being brave is VITAL.:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kokQJqye-Lw

so the last week or so has been a bit of
a steamroller for dollar Bulls but based
on the last video that I just mentioned
you know with regards to how I think the
risk reward is skewed in favor of a
softer inflation print um and therefore
the euro to be capped it's important to
be so so brave at times of this because
you can note the probability change you
can see that the probability of
something occurring is is higher but
sometimes our can play tricks in us
whereby we think that just because
something has had a really really strong
Rally or a really strong selloff it
means that it can't reverse and just go
the other way as quickly this is why
it's so important to really really back
your ideas and really focus on the
concept of risk to reward because in an
idea like this like the one that I pre
previously mentioned on the Euro all
we're looking for is a really fast
reversion which means that you can run a
tighter stop and if it does indeed have
you know a broader rally to the upside
you're out nice and quickly you know but
the thing with event driven trading as
well is that yes there's going to be
liquidity stepping out of the market so
you might see a massive Spike up first
but the fact of the matter is is that if
you're in small enough you can get in
right you know close to where you would
usually get stopped out for example and
then as the market comes back your way
you can pyramid in a little bit more so
it's always important to be really
really Brave and back your ideas if you
think that a concept or trade has a
higher risk reward than usual
[Music]



Do Fewer Stupid Things In 2024?:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OqSyjxST0dI

one thing I think is really really
necessary and this isn't just maybe you
know trading tips or investing tips but
it's to do fewer stupid things and I
really want to take that forward in 2024
you know not just with you guys but for
even myself as well I think that if
you're doing fewer stupid things you're
limiting your ability for loss okay and
unless the reward is excessively high
for doing
something more stupid than your average
Baseline is stupid then there's no point
in doing that activity so I think in
markets for example there is no point
using excessive leverage on this one
trade that you think you're really
really convinced on because your risk of
Ruin just automatically goes up way way
higher it's the same as if you decide
you know that you're going to deviate
massively from the way that you normally
Trade It it's just emotive it's silly so
let's try through 2024 not necessarily
to reach for massive massive goals but
just to limit that risk of doing
something stupid do fewer stupid things
[Music]



Mental Frameworks Are VITAL In Trading:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1dVXYJIUx84

today's trading takeout is why you need
to have your own mental models built in
so that you can recall and organize
information in your mind on the Fly and
be able to make better trading decisions
so you might have seen from that video
where I effectively looked at next sales
and said to myself okay how might this
affect or create a trade coming off the
back of it and it's because you have to
think really of human behavior and you
have to create then off of that if and
then scenarios in your head to be able
to basically make a flowchart of
information into a an actionable outcome
at the end so if we take it from the top
next sales are up next is one of the
biggest uh retail brands in the UK if
next sales are up it means that people
are spending then that is likely and
then we bring in some problem bistic
thinking some Traders thinking then it
is likely that retail sales will be up
if retail sales are up then growth is up
if growth is up it means that inflation
is likely to be a bit more sticky and
then interest rates are going to also be
a bit more sticky if interest rates are
more sticky the trade is to trade the
stickiness of one interest rate versus
the looseness of another so I mentioned
the Japanese Yen or it could even be the
Euro because I expect those cuts to be
priced uh in more
aggressively and that's how you do it
you just think of these different
scenarios and how they might affect key
bits of the market to come to a good
decision nice and quickly



Focus More On Risk Versus Strategy:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gk67GT9Mzh0

I want you to do me a favor and really
listen to this trading takeout today
because I think it's absolutely vital
and today's trading takeout is you
really need to focus on risk over
strategy now let me explain this a
little bit deeper so markets can really
only move in two ways markets go up or
markets go down now in equities or
Equity indices markets tend to go up
over time that's why indexes uh exist
you know the the weaker firms are
replaced by the stronger firms which
leads you know an upwards drift leads to
an upwards drift in the market your job
then is to maintain a position size that
is relevant to your comfort level
relevant to your income and relevant to
your lifestyle okay and what I mean by
this is for some people 30% invested in
the market each month might be more
comfortable to someone than you know 10%
invested in the market it totally
depends on risk tolerance so what I'm
saying is rather than objectively
focusing on strategy so much really
focus on risk as the broader part of
that strategy because you cannot ever go
broke just from winning you will always
just go broke from losing and if you can
manage your losses on that downside and
manage the Comfort level that that you
have relative to those losses and
relative to those position sizes then
you're probably going to come out on top
and this is where most people fail I was
a broker I used to work at a retail
brokerage and literally the key reason
why people failed at trading was because
they had too little capital and they
were using too biger position size
because the amount that they wanted to
make was not comfortable enough for them
making 50 Quid here making 100 quid
there just was not sufficient and so
they were using ,000 accounts looking to
make 50 Quid and that's too much
leverage so they would go and blow up
always make sure that your risk
tolerance is comfortable according to
your lifestyle and according to your
income that is today's trade and take
out
[Music]



Why You Need To Journal:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o-iNbTqtVGs

today's Trad and takeout is on something
that I deem to be really really
necessary if you want to have any form
of Edge and that is to record stuff that
you do in some format it doesn't matter
whether it's a journal whether it's
video screenshots whatever what you're
trying to do here and I'm going to
explain the reason why rather than just
say oh yeah record because it does this
it it doesn't necessarily work like that
people say oh yeah journal and whatever
there's no learning objective from it
but what you're actually trying to do
when you're recording things is to
create a subliminal mind map in your
head you're trying to create some form
of muscle memory in the brain that means
that you're able to recall stuff which
you wouldn't consciously think about I
always talk about the beach ball effect
so if you've ever played Cricket
baseball any form of sports where
there's a bat and a ball every so often
you get a feeling where the ball the
small ball looks like a beach ball and
you can hit it with ease there's like
almost a slow motion feeling to the ball
coming towards you even if it's a like
80 90 M hour that's the feeling that you
can get sometimes from having this
subliminal sort of messaging going on in
your brain it's a feeling of okay I'm in
the zone but it's purely through muscle
memory and once you recognize that
developing your subconscious is
something that you can consciously do
that's when you start to get this sort
of subconscious cool and you're able to
really really get that feeling more
often and it's important when you do get
that feeling to document that as well
even if it's just a screenshot or even
it's if it's just writing a tweet saying
oh yeah this trade feels good because
then you can go back and revisit okay
what were the conditions that led to
that trade feeling good why did that
feel good what were the market
conditions what did the chart look like
anything that you can use to improve
your probabilistic Edge do it make sure
you're recording everything oh



Using Data To Trade:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9CKfuT50-24

I just really wanted to reinforce
something that I'd mentioned last week
with regards
to understanding data and how to process
data in your own mind to come to an
actionable trading idea now the way that
I think of things in my head when I see
data coming through on the terminal or
you know on Bloomberg or whatever is I'm
constantly thinking of what that data
point has the greatest effect on next
okay and I'm not talking about
necessarily what's going on right now
I'm thinking okay next week next month
next quarter how is this data point
affecting something so I keep mentioning
if
then if you go back to your physics
classes in you know year 11 or for me it
was fifth form um there were or maybe
even earlier than that there were um
things called logic gates now logic
gates are a fantastic mental tool now
you know I sort of spoke about mental
models last week in in one of the trade
and takeouts but they're a fantastic
mental tool because they enable you to
really really think in your head of
these different phrases that you can
quickly go and break down information
with and always create a picture or
flowchart in your mind so let's take the
German industrial production data today
negative 0.7% month on month the
expected was expected was 0.1%
so we take the negative
0.7% it was worse than the estimated
number so what does that mean okay
if the industrial production data is
poor and German GDP is made up of a lot
of manufacturing a lot of industrial uh
activity
then okay then that means because the
Dax is
also made up of a lot of foreign
activity then that means that German GDP
is likely to wne but also it shows that
there's lack of demand externally okay
what does that mean perhaps the Dax is
now a concentrated bet to look at
downside on okay because the Dax is made
up of
15% of foreign entities okay or foreign
business I should say sorry let me
rephrase that the Dax is made up of 15%
of domestic activity okay most of the
business is done externally so that
means that Global demand is waning if
industrial production in Germany is
faltering on a month for month basis
there's just loads of different ways in
which you should and can construct these
different ways to get to a view on a
specific Market but you should always be
fitting the data to the asset class not
the other way around so don't just
predominantly trade the Dax and then try
and fit certain data points to it you
look at the data and then say okay
what's the best expression of this view
of this data that's the best way to work
it out it takes a lot of effort it takes
a lot of understanding of multiple
different products but once you start to
get to grips with you know this is how
bonds interact with FX this is how the
Dax um currently because things change
the context of the Dax currently um is
positioned and it's very sens to this
kind of data these are the kind of
things that you really need to get to
grips with and it will just help
generally with understanding the world
as well
[Music]



Focus On The Longer Term Trend:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jYE3Zr2_hdw

today's trading takeout is why you need
to pay attention to the longer term
Trend even if you're a short-term Trader
now it's going to be a very very
specific reason here and it's not
probably going to be one that you've
heard of before now there's something in
institutional trading called real money
now real money isn't like physical cash
or anything like that real money is when
Pension funds Sovereign wealth funds get
involved with buying or selling an asset
it's called real money because the
amount of money that they're putting
down is so significant that they have to
do it in longer term durations so they
might buy say uh $500 million worth of
uh of Sterling one day they might do
another you know the next day and the
next day and the next day till they
accumulate a position of say I don't
know 50 billion Sterling long do you
know what I mean so they have to do it
over a much longer duration now if
they're trying to accumulate a position
of that size they can't be short-term
focused they have to be longer term
focused which is why the longer term
Trends matter so heavily now if we're
looking at say the Euro chart for
instance and that 15-year trend line we
can deduce perhaps that if the macro
backdrop in Europe is worse than the US
that these larger funds are going to
want to be buying dollars and selling
the euro but they're not going to be
able to do it over the short term so
that 15year trend line is why I keep
mentioning Focus purely on that because
these guys will be looking at that
long-term Trend they're not going to be
looking at even you know the last couple
of weeks they're going to be saying okay
well we can see it's a significant or
likely to be a significant pivot point
and we can actually move the market most
players in the market can't actually
move it but for many um Pension funds
Sovereign wealth funds the amount
they're putting down directly impacts
the flow and once other funds start
catching on to the flow that is occur in
or other large institutional players
then they're going to contribute to that
and it becomes a bit of a catalyst which
is always why I mention as well you know
about the dumb money understand how the
dumb money book is positioned too
strongly one way because these guys are
happy to just to come in and flatten it
you know they don't even pay that
attention but they are in in essence the
smart money you know the Sovereign
wealth funds the Pension funds because
they are doing things in such massive
size and try not to leave as big a
footprint as possible that after a while
it just becomes self reinforcing if they
decide that a direction is right the
direction will be right so make sure you
pay attention to the longer term Trend
so you don't get steamrolled on your
shorter term Trading
oh



Buy the rumour sell the fact?:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GJaaLEU5SEM

so the trading takeout today is based on
the Bitcoin ETF now that it's a
regulated product in the US I think um I
can actually talk about it and it's to
do with buy the rumor sell the fact okay
so for the last year or so I guess we've
had a massive hyping up of the Bitcoin
ETF over in uh the US of course Europe
Canada other places have had crypto ETFs
already you know if you didn't know you
can actually buy a crypto ETF in the UK
that is focused on bitcoin it's run via
Han ETF I believe if I recall um and it
might be called BTC I'll have to double
check that but you can actually invest
in crypto in Isis in pensions uh in in
Via ETFs in the UK Europe and outside of
the US but the US one is naturally the
big one purely because the SEC basically
rules the world in effect so what we are
focused on here is
does hype match up to reality so people
prefer the
anticipation of an event rather than the
actual event occurring because that
means then that you have to actually do
stuff you know it means that there is
now an
expectation it's like when you are
listening
to um Let me let me rephrase that
there's a there's a program called
Silicon Valley and one of the skits in
it is when one of the guys is like oh
yeah then we can make Revenue they're a
tech company and then the other founder
is like wait wait wait why do you want
to make revenue and the guy's like well
because then we can make money and he's
like well when you make Revenue that's
when you have an expectation you then
have to make more revenue and more
Revenue so this is kind of where by the
rumor sells the fact comes into things
and this could be the situation that
occurs in this Bitcoin ETF announcement
is that because it's been hyped up so
massively and people have already been
buying on expectation of it going on has
it been exhausted is there now a barrier
to overcome with regards to the bid is
the bid purely based on expectation now
and this is something you know that can
occur quite quite a lot in markets
pricing in is something that's you know
pretty well uh examined you know you
might get a good data point but because
people have already been expecting that
good data point the market actually
sells off you know you get things like
this all the time so with the Bitcoin
ETF i' would be I'd be wary um with
regards to whether crypto heads higher
from here drastically at the moment it's
still bubbling around
46.2k um so just bear that in mind is
that the hype is sometimes overdone when
the actual news is released



Trading Is Not Economics!:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rXfejamzrnQ

there was a discussion that I saw on
Twitter earlier today and it was
basically from someone named Yan
Sinclair who is literally an options
wizard like he's spent a massive massive
time uh trading options in his career
he's fantastic written textbooks
everything he's fantastic give him a
follow um but he was basically saying
that whenever Traders try and do
economics they get things wrong
effectively and I kind of agree with
that I'm very much macro focused but
from a different perspective I always
mention to you guys about looking at the
element of surprise you know what is the
extent or the element of surprise from
one data point to another now the reason
why I look at this in in this way is
because it's very different to how an
economist might look at it an economist
might look at uh an inflation print
that's higher and say okay this is
exactly what's going to happen because
that's by the textbook however markets
do funny things markets do things like
pricing things in earlier before the
event markets do things like caring more
about one piece of data over another
because the context changes markets also
care about positioning and things like
that so these are all things that
economists wouldn't necessarily take
into account so from this perspective I
would agree with Yan in that you know
markets aren't the economy and
economists can't necessarily do trading
but from a different perspective it's
about Shifting The View on how economics
and trading work work together I think
that is absolutely key and the number
one way that you can do this is start
looking purely at how the extent of
surprise is the important thing and not
the actual data itself
[Music]



The Importance of Moving Averages:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_QEhWvB7TNQ

now today's trading takeout is on
something that's quite important and it
is objectifying the trend now how can
you objectify something well you are
able to do that by using something like
a moving average and I think moving
averages are probably the best way to be
able to do this objectification of a
trend now why is that well it's using
quite a lot of data to be able to come
to a decision over a certain time period
as to whether something is above the
average or below the average
what does that mean if you're above the
average it means that you're trending to
the upside if you're below the average
it means you're trending to the downside
but there's two different ways in which
you can interpret this now we know and
I've spoken about it from previous
videos that markets tend to either Trend
or mean revert they mean revert about 70
to 80% of the time and they Trend about
20% of the time depends on the time
frame but of course what we would be
looking at is the longer term Trend now
the longer term Trend in indices because
of the the way that an index is
comprised is up generally okay it's
because the weaker firms are replaced by
stronger firms which leads to a support
level in the index so you can probably
look at this and say all right well if
something is well under you know the
longer term moving average it means that
there is some form of likelihood that it
wants to return back to either the
moving average or above the moving
average to regain a stronger Trend take
taking this information it means that
you can then develop some form of
strategy so if you want to look at
standard deviations or a percentage move
away from the moving average that you
found through testing over time um the
extent to which it becomes more of a
success then these are the ways that you
can start incorporating these beliefs
into the market if you think perhaps
that you're better at selling a market
then you can do the opposite in a
stronger uptrend so various ways to
objectify something rather than saying
oh yeah that looks like it's going up
which it absolutely might be but there's
more Nuance to it use these indicators
don't be put off by people that say
don't use indicators because I think
they're the best way to understand data
rather than just having your subjective
human B is put on top of it



How Does Asian Risk Sentiment Affect US Stocks?:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ieu07SWXVTw

so the trading takeout today is how does
activity in the Asian session or more
specifically Asian equities relate back
to risk sentiment generally in global
stocks or risk or equities and I think
the key bit here is naturally that the
Asian session is occurring before you
know the European New York sessions this
means that there is a barometer of risk
sentiment that we can take from this so
in the FX World it tends to be that when
you know the bank of Japan comes and
does something overnight that's quite
drastic that sets the tone for the rest
of the day I think in the context of
what we're speaking about just
previously with China that's very more
an isolated issue it's very China
specific I think and you can see that
because at the same time the Nick is
also higher now if the Nick were lower
over that time period You' expect you
know General risk sentiment to be worse
when the US opens but you can get a
gauge of resentiment of course and
understanding of of what's going to
happen in the US uh session from es
futures for example or Nasdaq futures
because they trade overnight but that
doesn't necessarily mean that there
could be sort of a negative waterfall on
price so you really need all the equity
indices to sell off or gain at the same
time to have a broad-based understanding
of where the US might be when when the
Market opens and I think that
understanding the nuances between you
know what is occurring versus One stock
market index versus another is
absolutely key and you know the perfect
example of this is understanding that
probably there is some influence from
Trump becoming the more likely
presidential candidate um versus you
know a broad-based equity selloff
so the the context of today's trading
takeout really is related to the
previous video which is that China is
currently in a spot of bother in an
isolated format
[Music]



Two Favourite Trading Phrases:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UdPhCmOWek0

today's trading takeout is basically two
of my favorite trading phrases that
actually can lead to really good lessons
so the first one is the confirmation is
for Christians and what do I mean by
that well lots of people like to wait
for the market to confirm their beliefs
but by the time the Market's confirmed
their beliefs the trade is probably done
or the risk reward now has worsened to
the extent that it just doesn't match up
with taking the adequate position sizing
that you need to so if you have a view
on the market don't necessarily wait for
the whole picture to play out perfectly
have maybe one or two signals and scale
in you know have a smaller position size
and then if it starts to confirm then
you can scale up your position size but
by the time that you have completely
waited for all of your signals to show
it tends to be a little bit too late
unless of course you're trading on very
very very short time frames need to be
very Quant based or systematic with it
otherwise if you're quite discretionary
just you know use your position size
into your advantage rather than any else
and the second one is that asset prices
are not house door numbers they move
around you know some people get fixed to
price targets they get fixed to okay
this is where the market should be when
in fact it's just a trade between one
position in the market and another
position in the market and if you can
start thinking of trading more as okay
who actually wants to buy from me at a
higher price who wants to who wants to
sell to me at a higher price then this
is how at a uh at a lower price sorry
then this is you know the way in which
you start to really conceptualize what
is going on think of it as a market
literally as a you know fruit and veg
Market you know how can you get the best
deal on something that is the best way
to think of trading not specifically
from a strategy you're thinking of fair
value and how that fair value might
actually be changing all the time and
what is the optimal price point to do
business at
[Music]



Make Sure Day Trading is 5-10% of Your Trading!:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=We1TGagf2hw

what's ironic about me being a Trader is
that I try and do as little trading as
possible but I see many retail Traders
wanting to do as much as possible and in
really really short time frames today's
trade and takeout is basically make sure
that day trading is only 5 to 10% of
your total trading activity per year now
why is this well the more you trade the
more costs you are giving up and costs
are one of the biggest factors as to why
retail Traders don't make money over a
year if you are trying to take as many
opportunities as possible you're also
leaving yourself open to more losses in
effect the way that I like to look at
things is if you were to smooth over a
time period you're basically giving
yourself more opportunity for things
like themes Trends and less volatility
in the shortterm factors to take over so
what we really really want to be doing
is having core beliefs about the market
putting our money online to trade those
core core beliefs and then maybe you
know that five to 10% of the time when
you do spot short-term obvious
opportunities that's when we can ramp it
up a little bit you know smaller
position sizing but being nice and
Nimble scaling in quickly scaling out
quickly getting in grabbing the money
and taking profit
oh



Why Buy The Market Bubbles?:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UwkkoBf66GM

today's trading takeout is why you need
to make momentum your best friend now
there's quite a nice quote from George
Soros about Bubbles and he's to
paraphrase basically saying that if you
spot a bubble don't try and short it you
want to ride the bubble for as long as
possible because we're Traders we don't
necessarily care about the intrinsic
value of something we really really care
as to whether it's going up or down okay
a bubble is a fantastic opportunity to
get long you've got so many people at
the moment talking about the S&P 500
being you know alltime highs making
alltime highs three days in a row and
they're like no this has got to stop at
some point why do you care so much why
do you care about it reversing why
aren't you involved now because you know
clearly it's an irrational Market it's
it's trading it's trading at the end of
the day we're not investing we are
trading we do not necessarily care about
fair value we care about
momentum and how far something can
stretch once you see that momentum dying
sure you can consider it a time to go
the other way but until you see that
exact inflection point where a market is
looking
exhausted when you've got something else
to consider into the picture whether
it's a macro variable whether it's
something else that's when you stop
being longit until that point there is
absolutely no point in trying to pick a
top bubbles are there for buying and
never ever for shorting that's how you
get your your account basically blown up
so let's try and get rid of this
connotation as a bubble being a negative
thing bubbles are fantastic for Traders
it's how many make money very very
quickly so make momentum your best
friend forget the doomsayers forget the
bubbleologist because they tend to be
wrong
[Music]
oh



Know What To Trade & When:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVaoKEbIIbA

today's trading takeout is a relatively
quick and simple one and it is don't try
and fit your view to the market fit the
market to your view and what I mean by
that is let's say for example
something's going on in Europe with
regards to interest rates don't then try
and make a case to keep trading Aussie
dollar because you like it trade
something that is Euro denominated
because that is going to have the
biggest effect but to get even more
specific on this let's say you have a
view that inflation is going to tick up
somewhere try and find an asset class
that is most closely related and
sensitive to inflation of that specific
geography don't then try and make a case
for trading your favorite pair or maybe
your favorite commodity it's always got
to be Market relevant within context so
do change according to what the market
is dictating you to
[Music]
do for



Understand Changing Market Narratives:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W-VcOPHU3Sc

today's trading takeout is on the power
of narratives in markets now narratives
are extremely important especially when
you come to looking at stocks not so
much in FX because that's purely
dominated by interest rate differentials
but narratives in stocks are absolutely
essential see over the last couple of
years we've had various different
powerful narratives going on energy and
more specifically nuclear has seen
nuclear related stocks go absolutely
parabolic cico fantastic example of this
Rolls-Royce another one then of course
we've got EVs and more specifically
lithium you know lithium has been an
absolute killer for anyone that has been
looking at mining stocks lithium has
been all the rage it's important
therefore to understand what the next
key Innovations will be but then finding
stocks that aren't necess
necessarily extremely close to the
surface of seeing the connection between
you know this narrative and then what is
underneath for example with
Rolls-Royce they don't mine any uranium
what they had been doing was creating a
small modular reactor which means that
nuclear power plants can be set up in
about a quarter of the time as the
bigger ones in multiple different areas
so you don't just need one large one
with uh you know lithium it's okay we're
not looking directly at the car
manufacturers themselves we're looking
at the components that might contribute
to that car being
manufactured they tend to be more
undervalued in smaller stocks which
allow you to perhaps put a little less
risk on for the potential of a larger
game but it's important to understand
that what we're doing when we're looking
at narratives is we're trying to
maximize risk to reward and you want to
spot when a Nar is forming and it might
be an outside bet which is when you use
a reduced position size if you think
that something has a lower probability
you cut your risk massively on your
position size and you want to try and
see how much that narrative does develop
and one good way of doing this is using
Google Trends actually track a search
term over a couple of weeks or months
and see whether it's gain in traction
because I can guarantee you those Search
terms are correlated with more vol volum
going into to the market
[Music]



Best RSI Tip On The Internet:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7uIU2fVmBjQ

so there's something key with the RSI
that a lot of people don't tend to
mention or speak about and it's actually
very similar to what I've just spoken
about in today's video about the
recession and about the uh spread
differential on yields and it's that
with the RSI you tend to find that the
declines occur once there's been a
Crossing down rather than necessarily
the crossing up of a threshold so if you
see here we've got the uh I believe we
have the
7030 um quoted for uh the the upper and
lower bounds so there's 30 and there's
70 that is tends to be the standard RSI
measures right if it goes above 70 um
people tend to think it's overbought if
it goes below 30 they think it's
oversold but the actual trading signal
and this is something to always test and
bear in mind occurs once we once we come
down so if we were to zoom in here the
trading signal to uh sell perhaps
would occur like that okay it would
occur maybe just before it crosses down
it wouldn't necessarily occur just
crossing up um and the reason for that
is it's just a pure momentum shift right
and we want to be looking for momentum
consistently naturally in equities um
the more advisable thing to do would be
to look at uh buying that way so it
wouldn't be to look at selling
necessarily on indices purely because of
the the you know constru ction of an
index it's designed to go up over time
so always bear that in mind with RSI and
probably a lot of the other technical
indicators is that it's sensing a shift
in momentum but the trading signal
occurs the other way not necessarily on
the initial crossover
[Music]



FX trading Is Expensive on Wednesdays?:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FoAwHHByv8Y

why is FX trading on Wednesdays so
expensive if you're relatively new to
trading you might have noticed sometimes
when you hold a position um overnight on
a Wednesday you're hit with big fees and
you see a big dip not necessarily a big
dip but a a dip basically in your p&l on
your uh unrealized position your
unrealized p&l and this is because FX is
settled in something called T plus2 So
FX settlements occur actually two days
after the trade is closed or entered
however you want to uh think of it and
so this means that on a Wednesday night
you're actually accounting for the
weekend as well whereas on other days
you're only accounting for one day and
so this is something really really key
to note if you are looking to hold
longer term positions especially in more
exotic pairs because you can start to
get hit by relatively large if you like
rollover or interest charges so it's
absolutely key to make sure that you do
understand this
so that you can account for this more
psychologically than anything but also
to make sure that your broker isn't
completely doing you over on it because
some Brokers really like to manipulate
this and like to interpret the fact that
people don't understand this as being
something that they can use to their
benefit when an actual fact uh they
should not so make sure that if you are
getting hit by any undue charges you
check what the industry standard is
there's various different that you can
do this across and in short it's not
impacting your trading directly
[Music]



Try and Enter Only Using Limit Orders:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yNcUQqOcbP0

today's trading takeout is why you need
to do me a favor this week and only use
limit orders when you're entering the
market see a lot of people tend to just
use Market orders they'll just you know
hit the biid or lift the offer just
blindly pressing buttons now what you're
not realizing there is you could be
getting slipped massively and if you're
getting slippage it means you're eating
into your cost and eaten away at any
Edge that you might have whereas if
you're using limit orders it means that
you're letting the market come to you
and you're getting filled at the price
that you want so try and make your
trading as objective and as certain as
possible and one of the ways that you
can do this is by absolutely using limit
holders as well a good bit of advice if
you like is to try and enter right where
you think people are going to put their
stops which tends to be above highs and
below lows this is how you start getting
closer to really flushing out the people
that have put their orders and working
positions in stupid places and these are
the people that tend to get stopped out
the most so trade against dumb people's
stops buy using limit orders
[Music]



Pip Vs Tick... What's The Difference?:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iwhGqST7EjA

there's two important differences
between a pip and a tick and you might
not even have heard of a tick before but
it's definitely important to know
because at one point you might end up
faying into trading Futures now a pip is
very very FX specific it is the third
number after the decimal point whereas a
tick is the smallest increment of a
Futures Contract in es for example which
is the S&P 500 E mini Futures Contract
it moves in increments of
.25 so a one tick change would be from
0.25 to
0.5 whereas in FX it would be safe we're
looking at euro dollar it would be say
one spot
0788 that last8 is the number which is a
pip so understanding this is key to just
adding more context into what you are
looking at



Why Not to Buy Online Trading Signals:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=seiWvQpjrY0

don't buy trading signals until you have
watched this video now I'm sure you have
seen trading signals in FX maybe even
stocks or whatever else advertised all
over the Internet whether it's Instagram
Twitter maybe even here on YouTube but
there's a big reason as to why you
should never invest in them and it's
purely because these trading signals if
they are systematic for example would
mean that you had to trade every single
one of them and that is even considering
the fact that it might even be
profitable let alone most likely not
profitable of a strategy now the reason
for this is that if it is a profitable
strategy you're going to test it over
say a hundred trades or maybe even a
thousand trades to get a strong enough
sample size to understand what your Edge
is but if you're only trading say 50 of
those 100 trades you've not completed
the entire population size of the trades
for that strategy so you might have the
first 50 trades which don't make any
money but then the back 50 do actually
make the money so you have to trade a
complete size of a strategy's population
to be able to deduce whether you're
going to make money at the end of it the
other fact is that most of these guys
just aren't even profitable anyway and
what they want you to do is churn some
volume so that they get an affiliate
payment and it's a very lucrative
business at the end of the day but it
does get people caught up so never
invest in trading signals but do invest
in good quality education look at
reviews look at what other people are
saying and don't get sucked in by any
sort of marketing jargon behind any
special strategies or anything like that
there is nothing special about any of
these strategies most of the edge comes
from good risk management and good trade
management and that is a complete fact
[Music]



Beware: Don't Trust Investment Bank Strategists!:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=njMsi36RdWo

here's a great reason from today's
trading takeout why you shouldn't
necessarily trust the big strategist at
all of these investment Banks or you
know other places and it's because they
are strategists at the end of the day
now Mike Wilson um was the CIO so Chief
investment officer at Morgan Stanley up
until like last week and he's been
notoriously well known for the last few
years for completely mistiming the
market or timing the market if you want
to take get as a specific trading signal
but in the wrong way so basically he is
saying that you know he'll come out and
say if we go here at at this picture say
sell any stock market bounce and the
market rallies up to 4,600 the the S&P
500 says Traders are being foed as the
market had dipped oh yeah then it just
goes and rallies again he said I was
wrong Wilson capitulates at Market top
and then it collapses and then cracker
from the end of last year was there will
be no year- end rally the market rallies
from what 4100 all the way up to
4300 in the matter of you know three
four weeks don't listen to these
guys seriously um anyone who's paraded
around on CNBC or Bloomberg Bloomberg
not so much but CNBC definitely it's
much more entertainment Focus I wouldn't
pay attention to or at least I would but
not for the reason they want you to uh
be watching I would pay attention for
them being more of a contrarian signal
because you have to ask why they're
going on to CNBC um it's very different
for me for example going on as someone
who would make content online you know I
would maybe want to get a slightly
bigger audience whereas these Bank guys
you just have to really understand sort
of why they're doing it it doesn't
really make sense for me but generally
strategists anyway they're not Traders
and so they can completely mtime the
market because they're not looking at
the same metrics as you know an actual
Trader would do they're not looking at
things
probabilistically um and also the simple
fact is that they're not backing their
views with their own money so yeah pay
attention less to these guys with
massive Authority
[Music]



